Supreme Magus

Chapter 4360: Poisonous Seed (Part 2)

’Do you really not see it even now? What are you, blind?’A few seconds later, when the Black Throne noticed that his words hadn’t sunk in one millimeter inside the thick skulls of his audience, he sneered again.

’Think about it. Teneb devised the Armory’s defenses to cover all the possible scenarios he could foresee. Siege, invaders, thieves, and even me. You can see that from Uragar’s memories. Each threat triggered a different response.

’If you attacked the walls, the automated defenses would have shot you down while the Armory would have gone in lockdown. If you tried to force the vault open, the underground room would have collapsed, but the rest of the Armory would have suffered no damage.

’It is clear that Verhen’s group triggered the alarm meant for me because one of its members carried the mark of a mage tower.’

’Don’t be foolish, we already had this conversation before.’Jorl’s thoughts expressed how ridiculous he found that idea.

’We did, and reality proved our conclusion wrong.’The Black Throne stated with the utmost certainty.’If there wasn’t a mage tower, then why did Verhen’s presence activate an array that would have incapacitated me?

’Why did the entire Armory’s army of Golems wake up and make his team its first priority? Take a closer look at your memories. What you faced was but a fraction of the number of Golems that sieged Verhen.

’More importantly, what need did Verhen have to clear an area from the poisonous array if no one in his group had a mage tower? You said it yourself, apprentice, the magical formation had no effect on equipment or living creatures.

’It’s the only possible explanation for what happened inside the Armory and Verhen’s sudden growth in recent years.’

The Storm Griffon’s eyes went wide in surprise, and understanding made them go even wider. All the pieces of the puzzle he had always had but never noticed fell into place, forming a disturbing picture.

’Then why did Verhen need Tezka’s help, and how do you explain all the hardships Verhen had to endure during his youth?’He asked.

’There was no geyser under the Armory, and the safe area was too small to conjure even a dwarf tower. The poisonous array would have crippled its mana reserves in a matter of seconds.’The Black Throne replied.

’As for your second question, we need to look at Verhen’s biography assuming that both our assumptions are correct. He didn’t have a mage tower for a long time, but now he has one.’

The cursed tower and the two Upyrs took their communications amulets and flipped through the pages of Lith’s official biography.

’What are we looking for?’Uragar asked.

’The moment when something apparently irrelevant happened right before one of his greatest feats.’The Black Throne replied.’We are looking for something or someone who became part of his life after he was discharged from the army.

’Something or someone that is a recurring presence in all his achievements. You can’t hide a mage tower in plain sight, and if you’re not its owner, you can’t deny such a precious ally their share of spotlight.’

’Gods, I can’t believe I didn’t see it before!’Jorl dropped his amulet in shock.’It’s so obvious. So gods-damned obvious that everyone should have seen it coming.’

’What are you talking about?’The cursed book and tower asked in unison.

’The girl, Solus Verhen. She has the tower!’The Storm Griffon replied.’She appeared out of nowhere. She is both a Verhen and the only living heir of Menadion. She helped Verhen create his Void Magic and has been by his side ever since he returned from the Desert.

’Also, take a closer look at her Divine Beast form. Those crystal eyes and feathers must be a side effect of her bond with Menadion’s tower.’

’I knew I did the right thing taking you as my apprentice.’The Black Throne laughed in joy.’You are right. It makes perfect sense. Salaark didn’t keep only Menadion’s bloodline safe during the past 700 years, she also preserved the tower!

’Once the Guardian confirmed Verhen’s blood relationship with her and her protégé, Salaark must have entrusted this Solus to him. It’s because of Verhen that Solus was introduced to the Kingdom and the Awakened Council without arousing suspicions.

’She used his fame to hide her presence and shared with him the glory of her accomplishments to go unnoticed. At the same time, he used her tower to become the first Supreme Magus in Mogar’s history. Brilliant!’

’It would also explain why the World Tree went to such lengths to kidnap Solus, why Verhen gave the Ears of Menadion away to get her back, and why Menadion herself returned from the grave to help the girl.’Uragar pondered.

’Indeed, but how does this knowledge help us?’Jorl asked. ’What’s our next move?’

’It helps us because now we know that you must stay away from Verhen and never cross paths with him again.’The cursed tower replied.’Our next move is finding you an alibi for the time of Salanoth’s death and giving you plausible deniability.’

’That’s it?’Uragar was flabbergasted.’We discover the secret of Verhen’s strength, and we pretend it’s no big deal? We could blackmail him into doing our bidding or expose him to destroy his life forever.’

’I hate siding with the Black Throne, but he’s right. You are an idiot, Uragar.’ Jorl’s words oozed with so much spite that the cursed book’s mana crystal flashed red in embarrassment.’How do we blackmail or expose Verhen, exactly?

’Are you going to step forward and tell the world that Solus Verhen has Menadion’s tower? Who would believe the babble of a cursed object, and one who has openly joined the Dead King?’

Uragar’s host opened his mouth, but no sound came out.

’Have you forgotten what happened when Orpal unmasked Valeron the Second as Thrud’s son?’Jorl continued.’You and I know it’s the truth, but to everyone else that’s just another of the Dead King’s pathetic attempts to slander his brother.

’Do you think you or any of us has any more credibility than Orpal? We have no proof, and the moment people ask us how we discovered Solus’ secret, we have no way to answer their questions without revealing our betrayal.

’Even if we told the truth, Orpal would kill us, and no one would believe us anyway. It’s Verhen’s word against ours. Who do you think people would believe? The hero of the Kingdom who holds the secret to human evolution, or a two-time traitor born of Forbidden Magic?’

’You wish it were that simple.’The Black Throne laughed at the cursed book with unbound cruelty.’It’s Salaark’s word against yours, you fool! She guaranteed for Solus Verhen. She even gave the girl a Phoenix bloodline brooch.

’Do you really think she went to such lengths to hide Solus Verhen’s secret just to let an idiot like you ruin everything? She would back Verhen’s word and so would the First Ruler of the Flames.

’No one with half a brain would ever risk going against the Desert’s Overlord and making an enemy out of two Magi on a groundless rumor."