Supreme Magus

Chapter 4082: Perfect Opportunity (Part 1)

That information would have given both the Royals and the Council a starting point to look into Nalrond’s past, if not for Salaark’s support. She possessed the only records of all Desert Tribes, and thanks to her, the official paperwork matched Nalrond’s cover story down to a T.

"After Nalrond reconnected with his family in Lutia, he was taken under the wing of Lady Faluel, and through her, Friya and Nalrond met. Their relationship started as fellow apprentices, bound only by their common passion for the mystical arts.

"Then, as they got to know each other better, they became friends. Their platonic feelings grew over time and became romantic. Today, they have requested our presence to stand witness to their pledge to become more than lovers.

"This ceremony only serves as a testament to their will to become companions for life, and doesn’t require our approval or judgment. Groom and bride come from different countries and have different upbringings, yet today they come together as one, and that’s all that matters."

The King moved his eyes from one side of the aisle to the other, making sure that his message would reach the audience loud and clear.

"This marriage represents the union of two worlds, and I hope it can serve as a bridge between the noble and Awakened communities assembled here as well. Like a beautiful flower, their relationship started as a tough seed that required time and effort to bud.

"Yet that precious little sprout would have withered if not watered with loyalty and nourished with sincerity. Those are the key elements that made it bloom. That makes Lady Friya’s and Nalrond’s relationship bloom today, and that can one day make our entire country bloom

"The union of Lady Friya and Nalrond is a blessing in our time of strife and grief. It proves that even in the darkest of times, we can lay the foundations for a better, brighter future."

Meron stopped looking at the audience and moved his eyes back to the couple.

"Friya, Nalrond. Pronounce your vows to each other."

"Nalrond, our story is so long and complicated that it’s hard to put it into words." Friya said. "I remember the day we first met at Master Faluel’s lair, but that’s not the day when our relationship started.

"Back then, we were just classmates, and you were no different from the countless people I’ve met at the White Griffon and whose existence I forgot as soon as I left the academy’s walls.

"Nor did it start when you jokingly asked me to marry you and I jokingly turned down your proposal and asked you out. Our first date was our beginning, when away from the chaos of battle and the burden of duty, we could just be ourselves.

"We had never spent time alone until that night, yet you made me feel heard. You saw past my noble title, my money, and my undeniably charming appearance and reached for the scared little girl I hide from the rest of Mogar.

"You managed to pull her out of her armored shell not with sweet words or by flaunting your skills, but by taking your own shell off first. By showing me that being vulnerable doesn’t mean being weak.

"You opened up about your struggles, and even though you had yet to understand it yourself, you taught me that the very armor that kept us safe also kept us alone. That we couldn’t feel the warmth of human touch as long as we surrounded ourselves with cold metal.

"From that day, you’ve been there for me, and I promise you that I’ll be there for you for the rest of our lives."

Friya’s words brought tears to her and her parents’ eyes and a warm smile to Nalrond’s face.

"Friya, please, don’t get angry when I say that this is a bittersweet moment for me." Nalrond’s words stunned Friya as much as everybody else, yet she remained silent. "Bitter because it reminds me of everyone I’ve lost.

"As you know, I promised myself to another woman in the Blood Desert. I went through all the things we did together in the past few days with her as well. I rehearsed walking the aisle, I argued with her parents, and we dreamed about our future.

"Then, just like the Dead King did with the Kingdom, something came and shattered those dreams. My family and my future bride died, and I could only helplessly watch while my entire world crumbled in front of my eyes.

"My future died that day, trapping me in a world of darkness from which there was no escape. Or at least so I thought until I met you." Friya sighed in relief, tilting her head in curiosity.

"You found me alone and lost, still covered in the ashes of my family because I refused to wash them away and let go of the past. Back then, I was a wounded beast, struggling every day to resist the urge to lie down and wait for death.

"You say I taught you something, and I believe you, but it’s nothing compared to what you’ve taught me. You showed me the difference between living and surviving. You showed me that the world of darkness trapping me was just a tiny room.

"That the only thing I needed to break free was get up and open the door. You brought me into the light and held my hand while I stumbled. Even when I got used to the light, and it blinded me no more, you didn’t let go of my hand."

Friya started to sniffle, covering her mouth with her hand not to interrupt Nalrond with her sobs.

"And that’s what makes this moment sweet for me. Today, I wash the ashes of my past away and embrace my future. A future I thought would never come, and more importantly, a future with you.

"I’ll never forget the people I lost nor forget the reason they are no longer with us, but from today onward, I’m not angry anymore. I promise that I’ll let go of my past, good and bad, because I don’t want it to hinder my present with you.

"I promise that I’ll protect and cherish you for the rest of my life, and that I’ll do everything I can to build the future we deserve."

"Congratulations. In the name of the Griffon Kingdom, I declare you husband and wife." The King said.

As the newlyweds kissed, the guests stood up, giving Friya and Nalrond a round of applause. Lucky turned toward the hologram of Phloria sitting beside him, howling with joy for Friya and pain at the idea he would never see Phloria’s real smile again.

As Nalrond had predicted, the Fastarrows exploded in loud howls along with Slash, Abominus, and Tezka. What the Agni had failed to predict was that Inxialot was the loudest of the bunch.

Humans and Emperor Beast alike turned to look at the Lich King, flabbergasted by the power of his voice and his guttural timbre.

"What in the nine hells are you doing?" Raagu asked while covering her ears.

"More like what are*you*doing?" Inxialot replied. "Don’t you know that according to Emperor Beasts’ ancient customs, marriages always end in battle howls? Nalrond is part Emperor Beast, which means you’re being rude to our hosts."