Supreme Magus

Chapter 4061: Burden of Power (Part 2)

"Maybe you are right, but I refuse to believe Uncle Lith, Aran, or Abominus would steal anything from me." Leria said. "I trust them, and I won’t change my mind just because you say so."

"Do as you wish, but consider this." Ajatar replied. "There will come a moment when you simply can’t share your research with others because it would be a burden for others. Like when you two Awakened. Did you discuss your techniques among yourselves?"

"Only after completing them." Aran shook his head. "We both wanted to reach enlightenment, and what worked for me wouldn’t have worked for Leria. Our techniques are completely different."

"See?" Ajatar smiled, ruffling the kids’ hair. "There is also another scenario that requires working alone and no malice. Leria, imagine you are on to a magical breakthrough, but you know it will take you weeks or months.

"Would you ask Aran or Lith to help you, knowing that they wouldn’t be able to invest that time in their own research, or would have to neglect their families?"

"No." Leria replied. "I’d ask their advice only when I’m really stuck and deal with the rest on my own."

"And that’s exactly what I’m doing." The Drake said. "Faluel can’t help me because she’s a Hydra. Anything I show her might lead her own research on Dragonhood on the wrong path. Lith is a Divine Beast, and Morok a Tyrant.

"They have nothing to gain from this and are too busy with their own lives. The only thing I can do is sort my notes carefully, identify the major issues, and once I’ve found them, ask for their opinion.

"That’s why I’m here. The Infirmary will allow Lith and Solus to help me without taking away much of their time."

"Your research method sounds pretty useful. Can I use it too?" Aran asked.

"Of course you can, Hatchling." Ajatar chuckled. "Everything I share with you is willingly offered. You are free to do with it what you want."

"Thanks." Leria replied while taking a few notes on her Grimoire with water magic. "What’s this for?"

She pointed at the gene-tank connected to the Hands and the barrels of nutrient liquid.

"The next step of my research." The Drake placed his hand on the crystal case, checking its integrity and enchantments with Invigoration for the umpteenth time. "My breathing technique has reached its limits.

"To explore the rest of my life force, I need to partially transform into a Dragon and stay that way long enough to examine my condition thoroughly."

"Will it be painful?" There was something about the cold and sterile equipment that made Leria shudder.

"Quite the contrary." Ajatar sighed. "It will be so pleasant that going back to a Drake will sour my mood. When that happens, don’t lose sight of me for a moment."

***

Faluel’s lair, at the same time.

"Okay, Master Faluel, I’m here." Friya said. "Where do we start? Physical or magical training?"

"Actually, it’s more like psychological conditioning since I won’t teach you any new spell." Faluel replied. "Anyway, I’m planning to alternate between physical and psychological training.

"One can help the other, and once you get the hang of it, you’ll multiply your learning speed by the number of heads you’ve mastered."

"I’d be seven times faster." Friya had stars in her eyes. "Gods, what I’d give to have such an ability back when I was at the White Griffon. I’d have a shot to be the first ranker during both the specialization years."

"Dream on, girl." Faluel chuckled. "Now focus, please. Your condition is unique, and I’m afraid you’ll have much more trouble learning than any Hydra in my clan’s history."

"I get the unique part since I’m the first Hydra Harbinger ever, but I’m already a powerful mage with years of experience. Shouldn’t that make things easier?" Friya asked.

"Being the first Hydra Harbinger is not the issue." Faluel shook her head. "It’s your years of experience that make things much, much harder. If I could force you to lose your memory by hitting your head, you can be sure I would."

"What? Why?" Friya was flabbergasted.

"Because you start with seven heads. No Hydra has ever been born with more than one." Faluel replied. "They developed their second head only after mastering their second element.

"At that point, they would get used to the new head and only after succeeding does a Hydra resume their magical studies on gaining a third head. The process is supposed to be one head at a time, not a party."

"How does that make things harder?" Friya failed to see the issue.

"It’s easier if I show you. Transform, please." Faluel replied, and Friya did as bidden. "Can you name all the magical specializations?"

"Of course." All seven heads replied in unison. "Warden, Battle Mage, War Mage-"

"Stop right there." Faluel raised her hand with the palm out, cutting Friya short. "Did you listen to yourself? You have seven heads and as many brains, yet they all think the same way and list the magical specializations in the same order.

"If you go in battle like this, you’ll chant the same spell seven times and notice it when it’s already too late. You’ll study your opponent from seven angles that differ between them ever so slightly that it barely makes a difference."

"Now that you mention it..." Friya listened to the choir that her voice had become, and tried to break it.

"What about this?" Her seven heads asked in unison. "Why are you doing this?" They asked each other. "I told you to shut up. I’m not going to shut up!"

"See? That’s the problem." Faluel said. "In the end, you have seven heads, but there is only one Friya. Those seven knuckleheads have all the same personality, willpower, and habits."

"I’m sorry." The seven necks slouched. "Would it be easier if I were shy or meek?"

"No. Your heads would refuse to talk, afraid of embarrassing themselves." Faluel shook her head. "I know because I was that Hydra."

"You were?"

"A lot of things change in over 300 years, kid." Faluel shrugged. "Back to you. Our best approach is to split one head from the herd at a time. We’ll start working as if you are a two-headed Hydra. Then a three-headed one and so on."

"How do I do that?" The constant echo started to grind on Friya’s nerves.

"That’s the easy part. Pick a head and number it one. All the others are number two."

Friya’s serpentine heads stared at each other, determined to be number one as if it were a competition. After an awkward, prolonged silence of arguing with herself, she asked the Hydra:

"Do we have to use numbers? Can’t I give each head a name?"

"No to both." Faluel replied. "Our goal is to control your ego, not coddle it. Moreover, naming the heads leads to terrible consequences. A Hydra stops answering to their original name and might even develop multiple personalities."

"Are you serious?" Friya’s mouths hissed in horror.

"Kid, Hydras exist for a long time. Do you think you’re the first one who thought that naming her heads was a good idea?" Faluel scoffed.