Supreme Magus

Chapter 4115: Under a Rock (Part 2)

’I don’t have the time to conjure a second blast of Dread Flames, I need to change approach.’The Tiamat conjured a tier five Spirit Spell, Primordial Roar, from his left hand, the tier five spell, Final Eclipse, in his right, and hurled a river of Void Flames from his mouth.

The black fire struck first, hitting the same spot as the Dread Flames.

The Black Throne trembled in annoyance and conjured a powerful earth barrier that intercepted the shockwave from Primordial Roar. A simple darkness-sealing array embedded in the tower’s power core snuffed the Final Eclipse, or at least tried to.

Lith activated Void Magic at the same time the Black Throne powered up the magical formation, turning the Final Eclipse into Frozen Crescent. The pillar of frozen light hit the cursed tower’s wall, putting its structural integrity to the test again.

Even worse, it struck in the same mana focal point that the two mystical flames had already weakened.

"Is that public knowledge too?" The Black Throne snarled. "Don’t answer that. I’m done playing around. This wasp stung me one time too many!"

The world energy surrounding the cursed tower stirred, breaking the balance of its elemental components and taking the wind away from Lith’s wings. Yet jamming elemental magic was the least of its effects.

Now all the arrays of the Black Throne shone with power and unleashed the fury of their master. Dimensional distortions appeared all around Lith, changing his center of gravity dozens of times per second and tearing him apart.

At the same time, the crystal windows of the Black Throne turned into elemental cannons that relentlessly fired at the intruder, and a prismatic cyclone swept the plains with the fury of a hexaelemental spell.

’Now!’Lith said when he was on death’s door, and every sensory array was locked on him.

’Copy that!’Friya fired Thundercrash while also activating her dimensional spell, Scope.

The bullet left the barrel, entered a small Spirit Steps, and emerged from the exit point millimeters away from the tower’s wall that Lith had already weakened. Friya was hundreds of meters away, but the Black Throne experienced a point-blank shot.

’On it!’High in the sky, Nalrond activated the tier five Light Mastery array, Sieging Sun.

Every rune was actually a construct, so the Agni only needed mana to multiply them and conjure six magical formations with a single spell. It was one of the applications of Dawn’s lessons about the real Light Mastery that she had hidden from the Rezar while they held her captive.

’I hate to admit it, but I can’t imagine how strong this would be if Dawn were here instead of me.’He thought as the six arrays drained the light and heat that the sunrays released in the air and converted them into energy blasts a thousand degrees hot.

Nalrond’s violet mana core was already empty, but he needed just a few breaths of Invigoration to fill it again. On top of that, the magical formations would stay there for a while and were already charging up for the next volley.

"What is it now? Who are these people?" The Black Throne snarled, trying and failing to intercept the attacks that were popping up on his detection field one after another.

The elemental and spirit barriers appeared a fraction of a second too late, like gears grinding their way through sand.

’Hit the tower with everything you’ve got before it understands what’s happening!’Tista activated her bloodline ability, Prismatic Wind, to scatter her feathers and form a magical formation that encompassed the cursed tower’s defenses.

Even a bright violet-cored Divine Beast was no match for a mage tower, but Tista didn’t need to overpower the Black Throne. Her Lost Time array had the only effect of slowing down the magical formations it encompassed.

Lost Time’s mana interfered with that of the cursed tower’s arrays just enough to buy a mage the time for a Blink, or in this case, for a barrier to form too late to stop the incoming attacks.

Solus threw her Fury from the opposite side as Friya, using the Furies’ Flight enchantment to split it into nine hammers. The air element conjured by their crystals increased their speed while their gravity sheath made each hammer as heavy as a Davross anvil.

She didn’t shorten her hammer’s flight path with dimensional magic on purpose.

This way, not only did she create a delay between the attacks, but she also forced the cursed tower to shift his attention to the latest threat popping up on his detection arrays without giving him the time to counter the previous ones.

The Black Throne took every blow in full. His walls quaked, and his lights flickered, but not a single crack marred the surface of his pristine walls.

"In respect for your efforts, I’ll give you pests a painless death and won’t dissect your corpses. Yet that’s as far as my mercy goes."

The prismatic hurricane expanded wider and wider, blowing Tista’s feathers away and covering the Black Throne from sight. The Tower Tier Spell, Shattered World, crushed everything on its path as it advanced towards the hiding spots of the pests.

It also freed Lith from the death trap and drained most of the world energy in the valley, leaving the cursed tower temporarily weakened.

’Phase two!’Lith emerged from the metal cocoon formed by his mana-boosted Voidwalker armor and activated Call of the Void. A dome of darkness covered the entire area around him, hiding his presence and that of his allies.

Friya was the only one who Warped backwards, while Morok, Crank, and Phillard appeared before the Black Throne, unleashing all the spells they had prepared at the same time.

"What is it now? Why can’t I see?" The cursed tower’s arrays still pinpointed the enemies’ position, but they failed to identify them or to explain how their numbers had suddenly multiplied.

With Call of the Void shrouding the energy signatures of his enemies, the Black Throne couldn’t discern the Awakened from the dozens of Demons that Lith had conjured.

’Ripha, Trion, Locrias, Varegrave, Valia. Go!’Tista activated her bloodline ability, Queen’s Blessing, and shared the power of her Cursed Flames with the Demons of the Fallen as they charged through her blazing wings.

The five Demons dived down into the Call of the Abyss, focusing solely on flying in a spiral trajectory as fast as they could. Thanks to their connection with Lith, the darkness dome didn’t blind them.

The Demons saw everything in shades of gray, but everything appeared as clear as day to them, and even Life Vision worked. They used it to identify the focus nodes of the arrays surrounding the Black Throne and set them ablaze with the Cursed Flames shrouding them.

The five Demons moved like wind in a storm, without ever stopping or slowing down to cast spells. It made it hard for the cursed tower to follow their movements at first and impossible once they damaged his sensory arrays enough.

Permanent magical formations could always be repaired as long as the power core of the Black Throne stood, but it took energy and time. To make matters worse, the five Demons of the Fallen damaged the focus nodes almost as fast as the Black Throne restored them.