Supreme Magus

Chapter 4047: Lighting the Spark (Part 2)

"You’re ruining this for me, mister." Aran pouted. "This is one of the few times I’m ahead of the competition."

He pointed at Leria, who was on the verge of tears.

"I hear you, young man. More than you think." Vexal glanced at Zekell for a moment. "But let’s forget about rivalries. At least for today."

No one had told the kids the details of what had happened, especially the number of people who had died during the attack. Lutia was a medium-sized city now, and knowing everyone was impossible.

Aran and Leria had noticed the disappearance of Bromann’s house, but had assumed he and Lisa had left with Rizel.

"Fine." Aran muttered under his breath.

Meanwhile, outside, Lith prepared something of his own. He had planned to address the Lutians and offer them compensation for their losses, but he could see from their faces that it would fall on deaf ears.

They were all still numb from the pain. In such a condition, making the first step was likely to backfire.

’They will likely take my words as either an admission of guilt or an attempt to sweep their pain under the rug. There is no point in talking if they’re not willing to listen.’Lith thought.

He finished discussing the logistics of Lutia’s rebuild with the Association and negotiated the resources the Crown could provide until a soft smell of fresh bread wafted through the air.

At first, only the kids seemed to notice. The chains of grief and despair weighed heavily on the hearts of the Lutians, and they ignored their children’s questions and the tugs on their clothes, holding the children tight to calm them down.

Yet nothing bound their stomachs, which soon started to gurgle and groan, demanding their due. The Lutians tried to ignore that as well, but when the sweet scent of warm jam reached their noses, they had to raise their eyes from the ground and sniff around for its source.

"Fresh bread!" Vexal’s voice resounded throughout the plaza. "Get in line to get your piece of fresh bread. One per person and it’s free."

The last word wrecked his wallet almost as much as the Upyrs had wrecked his home.

Almost.

"It’s free!" The kids tugged harder and harder at their parents. "I’m hungry!"

Soon, long, orderly lines formed. They would have gone around the block if not for the Demons helping Vexal distribute the food and deliver it to those who couldn’t or needed help to move.

Vexal cursed when he saw the fruits of his hard labor disappear so fast and rushed back to the bakery, only to find that Lith had delivered more ingredients and replenished his stock of jams.

"A little something from the Royals. Keep up with the good work, Vexal." He said before bringing the baker back to his peak condition with Invigoration.

"Thanks." The baker said, yet it sounded like a curse.

Vexal now had no excuse to take a break and had to go right back to work.

After everyone got their serving, Vexal could finally afford to rest before offering seconds. No one refused, and Lith could see life returning to many eyes as the Lutians stuffed themselves with hot tea and warm bread.

’I guess now it’s a moment as good as any other.’He thought while conjuring a makeshift stage and clapping his hands to get everyone’s attention.

Lith could have just increased his size, but he doubted that after last night’s events anyone would have tolerated the sight of another giant.

"People of Lutia. Most of you probably know me as the Supreme Magus, while I’m sorry to admit that until this morning, I didn’t know most of your names or even that you lived here. Now, however, I do."

Lith had placed Lutia’s census inside Soluspedia and inspected the houses of those who still lived and were amassed in the main plaza.

"I know every name and face in this crowd, and I come here offering you an apology and a choice." Lith gave the Lutians the deep bow that was usually reserved for the members of the Royal family.

"I’m not responsible for the cruel fate that befell you yesterday. I played no part in it, and my family disowned the man who orchestrated and directed the attack on Lutia almost two decades ago.

"Yet that doesn’t change the fact that Meln Narchat still shares my blood or that he wronged you. Of that, I’m sorry. I’m sorry for failing to kill him in the past. I’m sorry for not being here with you when you needed me the most."

Lith didn’t straighten his back as he spoke, keeping the same posture.

"I’m sorry you’ve been dragged into a conflict that nobody wanted, yet I and many men and women across the Kingdom have to fight. I can’t promise you victory. I can’t promise you retribution.

"I can’t even promise you that the Dead King or his army will never return, nor that if that happens, I will be here to protect you. This is not about Lutia or me. This involves the entire Kingdom, and my duty may demand that I go away to rescue those who need me the most, even if my birthplace is under attack.

"Of that, I’m sorry as well." Lith finally raised his head, taking a short pause to let his words sink in. "That’s why I’m about to make you an offer. It’s my way to prove to you through actions, and not just mere words, how much I care about you and our city.

"To those of you whose house has been destroyed and who have lost everything, I offer a choice. If you decide to remain in Lutia, I’ll have your house rebuilt and your furniture replaced at my expense.

"I can’t replace anything that held sentimental value, but I can offer my and Magus Menadion’s skills to restore them to the best we can. Before I continue, let me make one thing clear.

"I checked the city and your tax records. I know how much every house was worth, with which materials it was built, and what kinds of items each one of you can reasonably afford.

"Anyone claiming to have a bathtub made of gold or a secret stash of jewels will only receive a visit from a constable who will verify your statements and demand an explanation of the means with which you could have acquired such luxury items."

Solus didn’t like Lith pointing out that his was an act of kindness, not stupidity. Yet many people cleared their throats and averted their gazes at the mention of constables, proving that even in the direst of circumstances, human nature was true to itself.

"If you decide to leave Lutia, instead, I offer you the full market value of your house in silver. And I mean the value your house had before being destroyed and before the Dead King attacked.

"I’m aware that due to my presence and the possibility of his return, Lutia may incur a sinister reputation for a while, but I won’t let you suffer for it. I’ll give you what you deserve, and you are free to use that silver to go wherever you want and start over."