Supreme Magus

Chapter 4231: Bloodline Resonance (Part 2)

"They are already in a bad mood, and it’s only a matter of time before they get sick of getting picked up and throw a tantrum. At that point, the babies would perceive the remaining guests as enemies, and I wouldn’t be able to guarantee their safety."

The clothes weren’t a big issue since they were the Voidwalker armor shapeshifted into a formal appearance. What Raldarak and Elysia disliked was being separated from Valeron, Surin, Shargein, and Quylla’s twins.

They spent most of their time together, and being the only ones kept apart from the group felt akin to an undeserved punishment.

"We’ll try not to linger, then." The Queen said, and the King and the Empress nodded.

At Lith’s signal, the honor guards opened the way for the guests by expanding the perimeter as little as necessary.

"This makes no sense." Everyone’s eyes went wide at the sight of the siblings, but Milea recovered faster from the surprise. "I can understand that Raldarak is already Awakened since the circumstances of his conception are identical to Elysia’s.

"Yet how can he also have six elemental streaks? That’s something that depends solely on an individual’s affinities. It can’t be inherited."

"I... couldn’t agree more." Meron had a hard time resisting the temptation to approach the babies and examine them with his breathing technique, Crown Jewel.

Yet he was unwilling to cut the little time he had even shorter or to reveal that he had achieved full Awakening.

"Moreover, you have no elemental affinities, Magus Verhen, and neither does Lady Verhen." Sylpha said. "How is this possible?"

"I’m not sure, but I have a theory. I can share it with you, if you want." Lith replied, and Milea gestured for him to continue. "As you know, the characteristic trait that humans gain through evolution is a strong connection with the world energy.

"The eyes and wings are just the means that an evolved human develops to tap into that connection and manifest their bloodline abilities. In fact, Balors are always born with the elemental streaks corresponding to their eyes, and Fomors always possess all streaks but emerald."

The rulers of Garlen looked at the members of the Fomor race outside the room, noticing that, unlike humans, the beards of their men also carried the color of the elements.

"So, are you saying that Raldarak’s and Elysia’s streaks are a manifestation of their evolved human side?" Sylpha asked. "That they are not the mark of innate talent, but just a family trait?"

"Not at all." Lith shook his head. "I was only pointing out the basis for my reasoning to you so that you could follow it. The flaw in your conclusion, My Queen, is that Raldarak and Elysia are hybrids.

"You would be correct if they were in their Tiamat or Indech form, but this is undeniably their human form. Any diagnostic spell will confirm it."

"Then they have the strong elemental connection of the Indeches and the innate talent of the humans?" Meron asked in disbelief. "Something like that happening once would be a miracle. Twice is just absurd."

"I would agree with you, if you weren’t forgetting about my wife, My King." Lith replied. "She is human and carries the full, although untapped, potential of our race. My theory is that my Tiamat bloodline is as stable as it is powerful.

"My union with Kamila didn’t dilute my Indech blood. It enhanced her human blood. My Tiamat blood is affecting Elysia and Raldarak just like my hybrid life force pushed my human side forward over the years, but to a much greater effect.

"After all, my hybrid life force couldn’t manifest itself until I became an adult, and my Tiamat life force didn’t stabilize until I reached the bright violet. Elysia and Raldarak, however, have no such problem.

"The Tiamat blood in their veins has already brought out their full human potential in the form of the elemental affinities while they were in the womb. I believe that something similar should happen in the case of a union of a Tiamat with a Dragon or a Phoenix.

"Like during the Demon Dirge, the resonance between the two bloodlines would enhance the matching aspect in the Tiamat bloodline and awaken the latent potential of the other parent.

"In other words, without Kamila, my children and I would share a different kind of bond, and they wouldn’t have elemental streaks in their hair."

"So, if your wife were a Dragon, your children would still have an Indech side, but their Dragon side and life force would develop further?" Milea’s eyes shone with greed.

"Correct, but at the same time, the lack of resonance might have a negative effect if a Tiamat has a child from an external bloodline, like Griffons or plant folk." Lith replied.

"I guess there’s only one way to know for sure." Sylpha said with a tone that irked Kamila to no end.

"Indeed, Your Majesty." She nodded. "We’ll have to wait until the kids grow up and start a family of their own for that. It might take a couple of decades, but luckily, it’s not that long."

"It’s not a long time at all." The Queen wasn’t actually referring to the kids, but there was no point in souring her relationship with the Supreme Magus’ wife, so she played along.

"Okay, little man. It’s time to show our friends what you can do." The moment Lith bent forward to pick Raldarak up, Elysia started to cry desperately, and so did the baby boy. "They think we are going to separate them. Kami, if you please."

She lifted the baby girl in her arms and lulled Elysia until she calmed down.

"We’d better pick them up at the same time from now on." Lith said as she shapeshifted into his Voidfeather, Void, and Indech forms, keeping the Tiamat for last.

Raldarak followed along, and so did Elysia from Kamila’s arms. The baby girl was still confused, but she didn’t want to be left out of whatever his father and brother were doing.

"What is that?" Milea asked when Lith turned into a Tiamat.

He now had two pristine energy membranous wings on his back that flickered from time to time, and so did Elysia. There was no trace of the black energy feathers, but it was still a significant change.

"What indeed." Lith was as surprised as his guests. "It seems that the Demon Dirge that took place on the day of Raldarak’s birth stimulated my life force and hastened the recovery of my atrophied Indech mana organs.

"I’m not putting any effort into conjuring my energy wings. Let’s see what happens when I do." Lith took a deep breath, and the flickering of his third set of wings stopped.

The light it produced became brighter, and a few black pinions formed at the wings’ edges. Elysia quickly followed his example, yet achieved no feathers.

"This is the best I can do without my breathing technique." Lith exhaled, and the energy wings reverted to their previous state. "Don’t worry, baby girl, you did great. Daddy has just trained a lot."

"Dain? Wad dad?" Elysia was disappointed by her poor results and wanted to become as good as her dad.