Supreme Magus

Chapter 4139: Teacher and Student (Part 2)

"Because my Featherlings treat me as their grandmother and their teacher." Salaark’s eyes narrowed in annoyance. "They ask, not demand, knowledge from me and accept it with gratitude when I grant it to them.

"You, instead, acted all high and mighty for being my teacher." Salaark snarled. "Don’t think that I’ve forgotten all your ’casual’ remarks about the ’so-called god of Forgemastering’ being less knowledgeable than a ’young genius woman’.

"Even after I graduated from my apprenticeship under you, Ripha, you treated me like a rival. I don’t exchange secrets with my rivals. Especially the smug, boastful ones who never let me forget I was their student."

"Gods, was I such an insufferable prick?" Menadion was flabbergasted.

"You were, but I didn’t hold it against you. None of the Guardians did." Salaark sighed. "With Threin’s death and your shaky relationship with Epphy, Forgemastering was all you had left.

"I didn’t resent you for your harsh treatment, Ripha, but you can’t expect me to reward it either. There’s a difference between a good friend and a glutton for punishment."

"Fine, I get it." Menadion scratched her head in embarrassment. "I’m sorry for how I treated you in the past, Sal-aark. I may have gone through a lot, but you deserved much better from me. My past behavior is inexcusable. Please accept my apology."

Menadion tried to bow, but the Guardian stopped her.

"Don’t worry, Master Menadion." Salaark chuckled. "It’s fine. I’m not so petty that I’d bring up a century-old grudge. That’s your thing."

"Gods, I walked into that." Ripha laughed. "Thanks for the lesson, Master Salaark."

"You are welcome." The Overlord nodded. "Do you need anything else, Featherlings?"

"No." Lith thoroughly studied the staff, observing how its mana flowed smoothly without a single hiccup. "I can’t believe I missed this application of Second Life. Faluel taught me this spell, and I’ve used it many times, but never like this."

"Gods, I think we have come too far and too fast." Solus pondered. "This is just like our version of Creation Magic before taking Mom’s lessons. We know everything we need, but our foundations are shaky."

"That’s why I was about to ask Grandma to assist with our experiment." Lith said. "It’s the first time that we use the Ears to craft a hybrid artifact, and I’m afraid we might encounter unexpected complications.

"The smallest flaw would be enough to hinder your mana flow and prevent you from casting Blade Spells, Solus."

"Experiment?" She echoed in puzzlement. "We’ve crafted several versions of the Sage Staff. We’ve gotten quite good at it."

"Yeah, but until a while ago, we had no Ears, no Storage, and no Ripha. Not to mention your deep violet core that allows you to use body casting."

"This is going to be huge!" Solus’ eyes widened in understanding.

"I’ll gladly assist, but I can’t promise you anything." Salaark replied. "There are mistakes you must make by yourself and overcome by yourself. I’ll do everything I can to support your growth, but nothing that would stunt it."

"That’s more than enough, Grandma." Lith gave her a deep bow. "Thank you."

"I should be the one thanking you." The Overlord smiled. "I always wanted to see the Ears at work. I’m considering crafting my own tower, and this will allow me to gather priceless data."

"A tower loosely based on mine, I bet." Menadion grunted.

"First, this is Solus’ tower now." Salaark replied. "Second, Bytra already made quite a few improvements on the original pieces of your set, Ripha. Am I less trustworthy than her?"

"Quite the contrary." Menadion sighed. "Gods, I stand corrected. I wasn’t an insufferable prick. I am an insufferable prick!"

She turned around, noticing that everyone was nodding.

"That’s rude! You should have consoled me and praised my outstanding character!" Menadion grunted.

"I’m sorry, Ripha, but I’m not a glutton for punishment either." Lith replied. "Still, admitting you have a problem is the first step to becoming a better person. I know that well. If you need help, I’ll happily point out your many flaws."

"Thanks." She said, yet it sounded like a curse. "What about you, Epphy?"

"I’m content with no one staring at me while using the word ’glutton’." Solus replied, making everyone smile. "Does our experiment need helpers, or can we do it ourselves, Lith?"

"We’ll call the other for the real deal." He said. "This much we can handle. At least, I hope. Is this a good moment for everyone?"

"Yes." Solus and Ripha said.

"No, but it’s a problem that’s easy to fix." Salaark snapped her fingers, conjuring a dimensional spell. "Hold the fort for me, baby girl!"

"I hate you, Mom!" Sinmara, the Phoenix of Darkness, found herself Warped from the warmth of her bed to the coldness of the Overlord’s desk, flooded by paperwork coming from all over the Blood Desert.

"I love you more!" Salaark chuckled. "What a silly Featherling. She chose to be my second-in-command. The role comes with both perks and duties."

’Thank Bohr I rejected every command position that has ever been offered to me.’Lith smiled on the outside but sweated bullets on the inside.

"Okay, here’s the plan." He Warped everyone inside the Forge. "Ripha will take care of conjuring the world energy and controlling the mana circle while Solus and I focus solely on the Forgemastering process."

"That’s usually the role of an apprentice, but fine." Menadion sighed.

"Thanks, Mom." Solus said. "You have no idea how much this means to me."

"I actually do, or I would never accept this." Ripha grunted.

"Moreover, we’re going to increase the number of pseudo cores that comprise the power core to seven. One for each element." Lith ignored the friendly quarrel. "We’ll use a specific ingredient and the Elemental Storage to craft them."

Lith conjured the holograms of the future Sage Staff and the magical resources he planned to use. There was a Frost Dew, a Fire Spirit, a Thunderstone Flower, a handful of Root Sand, a Shadow Veil, a Moon Lotus, and a vial of Solus’ blood from the Spark.

"My blood is going to make for a great amplifier for Spirit Magic." Solus nodded. "Yet why use a Shadow Veil and a Fire Spirit when we could replace them with your scales and feathers?"

She knew how stingy Lith was and how precious those natural ingredients were.

"Please, not even I am that stingy." Lith snorted. "Besides, we worked hard to purchase them, and Dad worked even harder to grow so many different kinds of natural treasures in the Greenhouse.

"I’m not going to wait until I’m dead to enjoy the fruits of our labor, and Dad will be happy to know that he contributed to keeping you safe. More importantly, the Sage Staff is your weapon, Solus. I want it to be all about you."

"Thanks." She nodded. "When do we start?"

"Right now." Lith put on the Ears of Menadion, connecting the artifact with the Yggdrasill staff and Solus. "I need to record your mana flow to use it as a reference during the Forgemastering process.

"Cast your favorite spells. Don’t worry about their destructive power and focus on how conjuring them with your body feels."