Supreme Magus

Chapter 4133: Lost in Time (Part 2)

"Because the Black Throne disappeared for centuries, and when he reappeared, he acted no different from a normal artifact." Baba Yaga said. "There are many records of powerful mages, some Awakened and others not, who found the Black Throne and achieved greatness thanks to it.

"They weren’t enslaved or bonded to it, and they all died either in battle or of natural causes. Once again, people recorded only the things that mattered to them and not sullied their achievements."

"It’s a very plausible and sad explanation." Lith sighed. "I assume you’ve never met the Black Throne, Yaga."

"Correct." She nodded. "I never met someone who did, and neither did my Firstborns or any of the Guardians. Until this day, I believed the Black Throne was just a myth. Yet if you really met him, it changes everything.

"It means that the Black Throne avoided me and all those more powerful than a bright violet core on purpose. That, for some reason, he didn’t want to draw attention to himself and wanted to avoid pointless fights.

"To change the Black Throne’s mind and push him to fight you, Jorl must have offered him something that’s worth the risk of alerting the Guardians."

"Like what?" Solus asked. "Jorl is an outcast and a relatively young Griffon."

"Something like Night." Baba Yaga pondered. "My Horsemen, like Solus, possess the ability to alter their host and be altered in return. Their enchantments allow them to manipulate their bodies safely and without Body Sculpting.

"It wouldn’t be a stretch to try and apply it to the Black Throne to overcome the limits of his physical structure."

"Are you saying that we have to protect Night from the Black Throne?" Lith said in outrage. "That we should warn Meln?"

"Not at all." The Mother replied. "I’m just saying that the Black Throne might rid us of Night and your accursed brother, Lith, but that in doing so, he might become a greater threat than my mad daughter ever was."

***

Meanwhile, in the Mansion’s Park, the morning routine continued as usual.

Jirni and Orion let Orikan and Jirya explore their surroundings by flight after putting them in a harness with a long leash to ensure that they couldn’t get too far.

"I don’t know whether this feels more like flying a kite or walking a dog." Orion grunted as the baby boy changed direction many times in an attempt to break free, and almost dislocated Orion’s shoulder.

"Dad, it’s my children you are talking about." Quylla wanted to sound outraged, but her voice was a sleepy groan. "You are spending quality time with them like a good grandfather."

"I don’t know if I’d call this quality time, but it sure makes a good training." Jirni had to spin and sidestep to avoid being trapped in the leash while also controlling her grip’s strength not to let go or harm the baby girl when she abruptly pulled away.

"Mom!" Quylla yawned. "Jirya just wants to play with you. If I weren’t so tired from night feedings and my mana deprivation..."

Her voice trailed off in a soft snoring.

"Thanks for the help." Morok set a Hushing array around Quylla and another for himself. "We need to make up for the lost sleep. The mission drained me, and changing the diapers of those party poopers is a full-time job."

"You are welcome." Orion yelped.

Orikan had just flown between his legs and then had gone up, crushing Orion’s gonads with the leash.

"And don’t listen to Quylla." Morok set a heated chair next to his wife. "I’m certain the kids know exactly what they are doing. Be careful, or they’ll fly away again."

"Don’t worry. This isn’t my first rodeo." Jirni often changed the grip on the leash to tire the wild Tyrant out without hurting her. "Luckily, baby Tyrants don’t have much stamina."

Orikan and Jirya were hybrid kids with a deep red core, and flying consumed a lot of energy. It never took them long to get hungry first, wet later, and sleepy last.

In another corner, Garrik and Ryla practiced the breathing technique to circulate the six elements inside their bodies and stabilize their life force.

"Thanks for keeping me company, Mom. This is one of those moments I feel left out." Garrik sighed.

Aran, Leria, Lilia, and Leran were practicing Silverwing’s Hexagram with Kamila and Selia, something only an Awakened could do.

"Don’t mention it, sweetie." Ryla replied with a warm smile. "I need to work hard too, or I won’t be able to travel Mogar with you once your life forces merge."

She had no idea if that would really happen, but she spoke with confidence to reassure her son. Glemos had altered Morok’s Tyrant bloodline so that he would allegedly produce an Indech-like offspring by mating with Ekidna.

Morok had indeed gained unique properties after Awakening and reaching the violet, but that was it. As for Garrik, Glemos’ plan was for the Harmonizer to stabilize and fuse Garrik’s Tyrant and Fomor life forces, turning him into an existence above both his original bloodlines.

’I don’t care if Garrik becomes an Indech-like human or if he has to choose between his life forces like a regular hybrid.’Ryla had no trust or care for Glemos’ plans.’All that matters to me is that he’s healthy and can have a normal life among humans.’

"Thanks, Mom." Garrik interrupted the exercise to hug her tightly. "I love Uncle Lith and Big Brother Morok, but I want to see Mogar with you. I wouldn’t be able to enjoy my freedom if you remain trapped here despite all of your sacrifices."

"I made no sacrifice, silly boy." She returned the embrace. "It’s only natural for a parent to help their child however they can. Fluffy is the one making sacrifices. Or rather, he’s forced to."

Mother and son turned to look at the Byk running laps around the Mansion. Nok chased him while Thula cheered for her son’s tormentor.

"Mom, how could you do this to me?" Fluffy panted. "It’s winter. I should be fattening up for hibernation."

"You have enough fat for three winters, and this place is as hot as Spring." Thula snorted. "Since you have the energy to complain, let’s add ten more laps."

"On it." Nok reached and bit Fluffy’s hind quarters, making him speed up.

"Mom!"

"And now they are twenty." Thula replied. "Do you want to make that thirty?"

Fluffy gritted his teeth and said nothing, knowing that even cursing would have been taken as a yes.

"I don’t care what everybody says, winter is my favorite time of the year." Nyka the Vampire said while strolling along the park with her mother. "Short days, long nights, and there are so many clouds that I can walk around with just a parasol."

"That and the Eternal Dusk array, dear." Kalla the Wight said. "Remind me to thank Lith for adding it to the standard magical formations of his Mansion."

The array drained part of the light element, allowing undead like Nyka to avoid falling into a slumber. It did not affect the direct sunlight’s deadly effects on her, but thick winter clothes covered her from the neck down.

"I’m glad to have you back, Mom. I missed you." Nyka said.