Supreme Magus

Chapter 4094: As Everybody Else (Part 1)

The images of the restoration of the temple and, more importantly, of his transformation into an Indech and his six-winged Tiamat form were exchanged across the Web soon after the event and spread like wildfire.

So much so that they reached the Mage Association in a matter of minutes, and from there, the videos also reached the nobles and members of the Awakened community who hadn’t attended the marriage.

From that point, it took only a bit longer for those images to reach every corner of Mogar and set off a storm of shock and envy. Jiera was no exception, and the Dead King was the most envious of all.

Yet while every other mage and ruler wondered whether Lith had mastered the fabled art of Creation Magic or had used his mysterious powers as an Indech to restore the temple of the All-Father, Orpal’s focus was elsewhere.

’Who cares about that miserable pile of rocks?’He thought in self-righteous fury.’That’s just a cheap trick. Anyone can do it. I can do it!’

Orpal lied to himself, and Night let him. She could feel his mood worsening by the second, so she postponed discussing the issues that would arise if that was indeed Creation Magic for another day.

’There is no point fanning the flames of his anger. The worst has yet to come.’ She inwardly sighed.

’Why?’Orpal had asked that same question to all the gods above and below countless times ever since he had received a copy of the footage.’Why is Leech so handsome in this form? Why is he so perfect? It should have been me! Me!’

He took a deep breath and focused on his life force, searching for the few lingering threads that remained of his fading humanity. Once he found them, the Dead King poured all his mana and will into them, amplifying his human aspect to its utmost limits before opening his eyes again.

Orpal trembled in expectation as he conjured a tall ice mirror, hoping it would reflect a being whose inhuman perfection was at least on par with the Indech. He wasn’t disappointed.

The thing returning his gaze had a black hide covered in short bristles and two large, blood-red eyes with a black vertical pupil that burned with hunger and madness. A lipless maw filled with fangs went almost from ear to ear in a feral grin.

His face was a black slate with two small slits to breathe where his nose was supposed to be. Two long horns protruded from his forehead, pointing at the sky, while five flames floated above his head, akin to an incomplete crown.

They were red, black, yellow, orange, and blue.

Two sets of membranous wings came out respectively from his shoulder blades and hips, and his reverse-jointed legs ended with five talons, each supported by as many thin, long toes.

Orpal looked at his hands and opened his mouth in horror when he saw that his claw-ending fingers were thick and brutish. A serpent-like tongue emerged from his mouth, dripping saliva like a panting, starving beast.

Upon reaching the violet, the Dead King had indeed achieved inhuman perfection, yet it was that of a bloodthirsty monster. There was no grace or majesty in his features, only the honest reflection of his twisted mind.

’This is supposed to be my combat form. Where is my regal form?’ Even in his thoughts, Orpal couldn’t keep his voice from rising several octaves.

He sounded as childish as he was desperate.

’I’m sorry, there is none.’Night replied.

’What about the wings? Why do I only have four?’

’Because that’s what you asked and I delivered.’Night did her best to sound compassionate.’Two wings in your hybrid form upon reaching the blue core and four as a full Divine Beast. Just like your brother.’

’I told you I want to be better than Leech! Better under every aspect!’The Vurdalak whined as he clawed at his own face.

Until a moment ago, Orpal had been proud of his feral appearance. He had reveled in its ability to inspire terror and dread into those who witnessed his fury. After looking at the Indech, however, Orpal finally saw himself as everybody else saw him.

As a monster.

’And I told you that I’m no miracle worker!’Night’s patience creaked.’I can’t make you more intelligent than Verhen more than I can make you stronger than him. I can give you the tools and do the best I can with the raw materials of your life force, but that’s it.

’I can’t make a Tiamat if there isn’t the potential for one, let alone something better. Nobody can, not even my mother. If it were that easy, she would have turned mere silver into Davross instead of scouring Mogar for it.’

’That’s it then? Is this my limit? I’m silver, and Leech is Davross?’Orpal wept blood tears.

’No, you’re about to reach the violet, and just like your brother, you are a new species. Everything can happen.’She replied. ’Within reason.’

Night’s words had given the Dead King hope, just to snuff it a moment later.

"Why him?" Orpal yelled at the top of his lungs. "Why is it always him? It should have been me! Me!"

***

Garlen Continent, Verhen Mansion, at the same time.

"I can’t believe it!" Kamila had to read the message multiple times to believe her own eyes. "I just received betrothal offers for Raldarak, and he’s not even born!"

"I told you to put your communicator away." Rena sighed, and everybody else nodded. "Things are going to be wild for a while. Everyone with a drop of Verhen blood has to lay low until the dust settles."

"I always keep the amulet on me in case Zinya needs my help." Kamila replied.

"I think that between Professor Vastor and Tezka, she’s going to be fine." Tista said. "We, instead, are this close to being under siege. I guess that an image is truly worth a thousand words. This is even worse than after the party."

Lith had already received the congratulations of the Royals, whom he had forewarned about his intentions for a second Indech reveal in Lutia, and received reports that morale across the Kingdom was at an all-time high.

All those who had sold their house in Lutia regretted it from the bottom of their heart.

The price of the land had never stopped skyrocketing since Friya’s marriage. Nobles, Awakened, and everything in between wanted their spot near the Supreme Magus and his talented bloodline.

After all, even if they failed to befriend him, their children might befriend his. Tista, Aran, Leria, and the triplets were also excellent targets. They carried the blood of the Indech, and everyone assumed they would awaken it.

"Agreed." Lith nodded. "I won’t sell anything until the prices stabilize. I want to make a killing. No discounts asked or given."

Everyone frowned at him for focusing on his wallet rather than the family issues, but there were a few exceptions.

"Come back to grandpa, my Little Fairy!" Orion laughed like a child as he ran after Jirya.

The baby girl flew around with her proto-wings, releasing sparkles of light and earning her moniker.