Supreme Magus

Chapter 4228: The Importance of Timing (Part 1)

Lith had also assumed that a student might fail their Dimensional Magic course, and had connected the various steps necessary to complete Void Magic without skipping steps that one was supposed to have learned in another specialization.

It made the studying of Void Magic easier for a neophyte and incredibly dull for an accomplished mage. Yet Vastor and Marth read every single line of the textbook, looking for flaws in the explanations or passages that might be misconstrued by someone less skilled than them.

"The worst part is that we can’t teach Void Magic to the students if we don’t understand the discipline ourselves, let alone grade their spells." Marth grunted. "By the way, do you think we need a Void Magic Professor?"

"Most likely." Vastor snorted. "Pick anyone but me. I’m already busy as I am. Even better, hire someone new."

"Very funny." Marth replied. "Tier Five Void Magic has just been disclosed to the academies. How in the nine hells am I supposed to find a skilled teacher if no one outside one of the six great academies’ walls even knows it exists?"

"You could drag Lith here." Vastor shrugged. "Or Solus. Or both."

"While Raldarak is so young?" Marth became pale. "If you want to kill me, just cut my head off. I’m not walking inside the Dragon’s lair and trying to keep him away from his egg. I would still die, just much more slowly and painfully."

Luckily for Professors and Headmasters both, Lith and Solus were open to feedback and more than willing to answer any questions their seasoned students might have.

"Thank the gods for your paranoia." Solus sighed. "I can’t imagine how hard this would be if not for your precautions."

Every time someone called Lith about Void Magic, he recorded both the question and the answer. This way, whenever someone asked him or Solus the same thing, he just sent a copy of the video.

The moment it was clear that a specific subject of the textbook was weak, Lith rewrote the part to include the explanation and clarified any possible lingering doubt with a practical exercise spell.

"Thanks." He replied. "We need to finish perfecting the book before the academy starts, or the Professors won’t have enough time to practice Void Magic on their own. If that happens, we will be the Void Magic examiners for all six great academies when the exam session comes.

"I have no problem giving remedial lessons, but I won’t stand watching a bunch of kids casting the same spells over and over."

"Me neither." Solus shuddered at the idea. "I love magic and teaching, but grading papers and the execution of practice spells is so boring! I can finally understand why Manohar hated his professor duties so much."

Time flew by, and the Royal Gala for Elysia’s birthday and Raldarak’s debut in society arrived, forcing everyone to take a break from their daily routine. Lith had to set up the Mansion for his powerful and grumpy guests, while the Royals had to double-check everything.

Due to the Guardian bloodlines flowing through the baby boy’s veins, people from the Gorgon Empire and the Blood Desert would come to the Griffon Kingdom to attend the event.

Most of them wouldn’t even be humans, but Divine Beasts who regarded the authority granted by the most important noble titles as bad jokes. Dragons and Phoenixes only respected tangible power and wisdom.

They had no care for a piece of paper they could burn or a badge they could crush with a pinch of their fingers.

The King and Queen were tasked not only with ensuring that the Gala wouldn’t make the Kingdom lose face to their neighbors and rivals, but also with ensuring the survival of the Crown’s loyal retainers.

One wrong move or rude comment, and the Royal Gala would turn into a bloodbath.

"Don’t get me wrong, I love this car, but I still think it makes us look ridiculous." Meron and Sylpha had come fashionably late since they would enter the Gala last.

Yet even their muscle-car-like DoLorean and the most luxurious carriages waiting beside them looked like silly toys when compared to the majestic entrance of a Divine Beast.

Dragons and Phoenixes circled above the Mansion while waiting for their turn to land, each one of them shining with an inner light produced by a power so great that not even their colossal bodies could fully contain.

Unknown stars danced in Lutia’s sky that night, forming constellations and sometimes briefly combining their brilliance to form small suns.

The Lutians hadn’t been invited to the Gala but had been forewarned of what might happen during the event to keep them from mistaking the Divine Beasts for enemies on their way to attack the city.

No one had paid much attention to such news, thinking their Supreme Magus was merely bragging, as any proud parent of a newborn would. Yet after dozens of comets streaked the night sky to remain instead of disappearing, the Lutians understood how wrong they were.

Those who had a terrace enjoyed the spectacle from there, while everyone else assembled in the city plazas, where no tall building would obstruct the line of sight to the Mansion.

"Binoculars! Buy your binoculars here! Only five copper coins apiece!" Zekell Proudhammer had, of course, been invited to the Royal Gala, but that hadn’t stopped the blacksmith from seeing the profits come from a mile away.

He had paid his assistants overtime to craft as many binoculars as they could and then had Lith enchant them with a simple sight-enhancing spell. Lith actually had the Factory floor of the tower doing that, but Zekell didn’t know.

Then, he had paid his assistants even more to walk through the snowy streets of Lutia and sell the binoculars the moment the Gala’s guests started to arrive. Useless to say, not a single item went unsold.

"I’m not moving a finger, but I can feel my pockets getting heavier by the second." The blacksmith rubbed his hands with greed, drawing his wife’s scowl and making Rena blush.

"Dad!" Senton said. "Lower your voice. Do you really have to speak like that on such an important occasion?"

"I sure do, you brat!" Zekell replied. "I’m teaching the kids the importance of timing and networking in case they want to work in the family business."

"What networking?" Senton asked in confusion.

Meanwhile, the Queen sat in her DoLorean in the Mansion’s Park and unwittingly answered his question.

"If you, the King, feel ridiculous, imagine how everyone else must feel." Queen Sylpha said as she studied the new arrivals with the luxury opera glasses she had received in an elegant package that also contained her invitation.

"I must say, it was really thoughtful of Magus Verhen to provide us with enchanted binoculars. Waiting for our turn has never been so entertaining."

Unlike the binoculars sold in Lutia, the opera glasses were crafted with the finest materials and bore the engraving of the Proudhammer shop’s insignia along with the contact information.

The Divine Beasts landed in a nearby large forecourt with the grace of hawks. Then, they quickly shapeshifted into human form and walked on the long silk carpet that led to the Mansion’s entrance.