Supreme Magus

Chapter 4079: Surprised Guest (Part 2)

Jiza was also the current leader of the Gernoff Awakened bloodline and the one who had ordered Jirni’s execution for violating Oghrom’s first law.

"Thank you for coming, Lady Gernoff." Friya said with a warm smile.

"I hope you enjoy your time with us." Nalrond gave her a polite bow and gestured for her to get inside.

It was the custom for the hosts of any important event to welcome their guests in person and avoid physical contact while doing so. Every Awakened possessed their Invigoration technique and touching someone was considered an attempt to peek at their constitution or equipment.

"Thank you for inviting me, Lady Ernas." Jiza gave them a perfect courtesy while the distinguished gentleman she had brought as her plus one bowed to their hosts. "I’m sure I will, Mister Fastarrow."

She didn’t miss how despite their polite words the warmth of their smiles didn’t extend to Friya’s and Nalrond’s eyes. That and the subtle tension in their muscles exuded the hostility of a warrior ready to fight to the death.

’They have been well-trained and have probably kept many important secrets to most people in their lives over the years, but they are no Gernoffs.’She thought.’They are still amateurs and can’t fool me.

’Then why did they invite me? Why even bother with this pretense of kindness?’She pondered as she walked across the hallway and appreciated the exquisite taste of furniture and decorations.

She set her questions aside and focused on familiarizing herself with her surroundings, comparing the Verhen Mansion’s actual floor plans with the official blueprints she had memorized before coming.

’There’s no point wasting time and energy with guesses when I can just learn the answers from the Dragon’s mouth.’Jiza signaled her date to mingle with the other guests while she remained close to the entrance of the Banquet Hall, waiting for Jirni.

"Gods, Friya, I’ve already seen your dress countless times, but it always amazes me how gorgeous you look in it." Solus said.

Despite the tradition to not outshine the bride on her day, Solus wore a magnificent golden gala dress with evening gloves and a full parure of jewels. Even if she went all-out, she would never hold a candle to Friya.

"Thank you." Friya giggled. "You and Ripha look amazing too."

The First Ruler of the Flames wore a pale blue dress whose design was identical to Solus’ and signaled her status as a grieving widow.

"I must say, this is the first wedding I don’t have to look plain or put on a puffy dress." Rena said and Elina nodded, both gorgeous in their finely embroidered gala dresses. "This is a nice change of pace."

"Lucky you." Tista grumbled. "I look like a servant who’s crashing the party!"

She wore her hair up in a simple do, her dull red dress lacked any flair, and her jewels were the smallest and most insignificant in the group. Even Kamila, with her swollen belly and her loose dress due to the pregnancy looked better than her.

"Beauty is a cruel thing, dear Tista, and if you wore anything different, I would have been forced to ruin your face with my fist." Friya said with a soft smile. "I don’t like that you-know-what will take place right in the middle of the party.

"I’m not going to let anyone else steal what’s left of my thunder."

"Fine." Tista slouched her shoulders and sighed, but said no more.

"There’s no reason to be sad." Bodya, her date, said. "You are still beautiful, and seeing that you are the only one dressed like that will make every dame feel like the ugly duckling she is."

"Thanks." Tista giggled at the idea and moved inside.

Meanwhile, at the entrance of the Banquet Hall, the Ernas found Jiza waiting for them.

Aside from Jirni, the killing intent they exuded made it clear that if not for the rules of hospitality, they would have put their lives on the line and killed Jiza, no matter the consequences.

Even the usually aloof Morok didn’t bother hiding his displeasure, his teeth shapeshifting into fangs. As for Quylla, between the post-partum depression and exhaustion, she flared up in anger like a small sun.

Orikan and Jirya read the mood, snarling at the unknown woman to threaten her and shooting elemental beams at her when she didn’t back down.

"I’ll overlook your discourtesy this time, but you’d better stop the newborns." The beams were weaker than chore magic, and Jiza snuffed them out with a wave of her hand. "Without a proper technique, they’ll end up poisoning their weak mana cores."

"Quiet, kids." Jirni raised her hand, and the babies stopped their attack. "The bad woman is right. I don’t want you to get tummy ache because of me. Besides, she’s not worth it."

"Lady Gernoff." Morok walked past her, the babies perching over his shoulders as they emitted what they believed to be fearsome chittering.

When their father put his hand behind his back and flipped Jiza off to keep the other guests to see his rude gesture, Orikan and Jirya joined him with both hands. The moment Quylla turned around to look at them, the twins resumed their normal baby routine and did their best to look innocent.

"Impressive." Jiza nodded in approval and the improvised yet flawless teamwork between father and children. "Congratulations for your latest little ones. Even though the twins carry none of Oghrom’s blood, the Ernas might one day have true evolved humans among their ranks thanks to them.

"Tyrants aren’t much compared to whatever Verhen is, but since he has no control over his abilities and no one will ever bother with human evolution unless we find a way to overcome the limitations of the Balors, their potential can’t be overlooked."

"Thanks." Jirni gave Jiza a polite curtsy, showing no sign of the satisfaction her opponent’s ignorance gave her. "Have you waited all this time to make small talk or do you have more to say?"

"That was no small talk. Just an honest assessment of your family’s status." Jiza replied. "Yet you are right. I waited for you to ask you why you had your daughter invite me.

"The number of guests is limited and it would have been much better to use this event to form allies and connections with the Awakened bloodlines. There is no way you think this will change my mind."

"Everything you said is correct." Jirni nodded. "You’re a smart woman, Jiza, and this is no mystery. I’m sure you can answer your own question if you stop for a moment and think. Have a pleasant evening."

Jirni stepped forward, offering her back to Jiza for a few seconds before she disappeared amid the crowd of guests.

Nothing in Jirni’s face or tone betrayed any emotion, and that was clue enough for Jiza.

’This isn’t some silly bravado in showing me she isn’t afraid of me or challenging me to kill her in front of so many witnesses.’Jiza thought.’Jirni wouldn’t have survived this long if she were that childish.

’This is a test at best and a trap at worst. She invited me here to put the Gernoffs’ resources and skills to the test.’