Supreme Magus

Chapter 4092: Promise Fulfilled (Part 1)

"Knives are exactly like Oghrom. They win the fight when the opponent has no idea there’s going to be a fight. Oghrom always caught his targets unaware and unarmed. All he needed to complete his job was one strike.

"The Gernoffs follow his philosophy. They collect information about their mark and orchestrate a situation from which there is no way out. It’s like moving your pieces on the chessboard while your opponent is away.

"By the time they realize what’s happening, you just need a single move to checkmate them."

"Yeah, assassins are so cool!" Aran said, making his parents flinch. "They are smart and cunning, planning everything ten steps ahead."

"Nonsense!" Leran snorted. "Warriors like King Valeron are much cooler. They don’t hide in the shadows like cowards. They face the enemy with honor."

"That’s called being a dumb oaf!" Leria replied. "Take that back now."

"Who are you calling a dumb oaf?" Lilia growled. "You take that back!"

"Okay, what did I miss?" Selia and Elina broke the childish squabble before it could escalate. "Why do you care so much about King Valeron and Oghrom?"

"The children were bragging about us, dear." Protector said. "The ’cool assassin’ is Lith, and the ’honorable warrior’ is me. This has nothing to do with King Valeron’s party."

"Lith is not an assassin!" Elina scolded Leria and Aran. "He’s a Magus and a warrior. My son doesn’t go around attacking people for money. I’m disappointed in you, kids."

"But, Mom! Big Bro has a lot of shadow powers, secrets, and plans." Aran replied. "Also, he always catches his enemies unprepared."

"I can’t deny any of that." Lith sighed.

"Still, not an assassin." Elina put her finger in front of Aran’s nose. "Are we clear?"

"Crystal." Aran and Leria whined.

"And my husband is not a dumb oaf!" Selia piled on. "He’s just honest and kind."

’Ryman is a dumb oaf, but that’s something only I can say.’ She actually thought.

"Sorry, Auntie Selia." Leria lowered her gaze.

"Bottom line, after the big surprise of yesterday, the Gernoffs will stay put until they formulate a new plan." Jirni wondered if her own children saw her and her husband in the same light when they drew comparisons between them.

"I still don’t like the thought of leaving you alone, Mom." Friya replied. "Also, I don’t know if Faluel would allow me to go away for that long. Not until the election of the next beast Representative is over."

"When is that going to be?" Quylla asked.

"Soon." Friya said. "The Council is already setting the date, and without the excuse of my wedding to delay things on, it should be a matter of days. Fyrwal had to fight tooth and nail to give Ajatar the time he needed and set the stage for Lith’s reveal."

"About that, things went smoother than I expected." Kamila said with a warm smile. "I was afraid Lith would be inundated with calls and offers for... partnerships, instead, we had a peaceful night’s sleep."

Lith and Solus exchanged a glance, clearing their throats.

"That’s because I knew what would happen and shoved my communicator inside my dimensional amulet." Lith replied. "I even alerted the Royals and my allies that in case of emergency, they had to call Solus to get in touch with me."

"What? Why?" Kamila asked.

"You had already broken up with me when I revealed my Tiamat form, Kami." Lith sighed. "You have no idea how stressful it was, and I didn’t want to burden you with certain kinds of things while you are pregnant."

"What kind of things?" Kamila’s eyes narrowed.

"Follow me, please." Lith gave Solus his amulet, and she dragged Kamila to the nearest room. "This is not a topic appropriate for breakfast."

"Why not?" Aran asked in confusion.

"Because I receive many ’love letters’, little brother." Lith replied. "Most of them are passionate and...private. A true gentleman doesn’t expose the love confessions of a lady to the rest of Mogar. Some things are not to be shared."

"You are married, Uncle Lith." Leria grunted. "Someone who writes a love letter to a married man is not a lady."

"The world is not that simple, Leria." Lith replied. "Especially the Awakened world. You’ll understand when you grow older."

’Or at least, your mother will have a taste of it when the Council discovers you have Awakened or if you ever awaken your bloodline.’He thought.

"Good gods!" The soundproofing enchantment of the room had no effect on Kamila’s womb, and her comments were so colorful that the Guardians had to amend most of what she said to preserve Raldarak’s innocent ears

The ’love letters’ were very graphic in nature and often accompanied by many pictures showcasing the charms of their sender.

"How many of these abominations did Lith receive?" The flood of notifications had started the moment the amulet reached Solus’ hands and had yet to end.

"If you call that an abomination, I wonder what you’d think of the really explicit ones. That’s almost artistic." Solus replied.

"What’s artistic about- I take that back! Please, no more! Mercy." Kamila covered her eyes, refusing to take a second look at the latest picture.

"As you wish." Solus closed the images and sent a polite standard rejection letter in reply.

"Did back then Lith get this many?" Kamila asked.

"About half." Solus shrugged. "Now everybody knows what he can do, and the Indech made quite an impression. Aside from the Guardians, everybody has made their move on Lith this time. Look, this is from Ilthin. Again."

"That batch! When is she going to learn that no means no?" The word left Kamila’s lips along with a burst of silvery fire. "Does Lith read them?"

"No, I always do it for him." Solus shook her head. "After your breakup, he was too sad to care about something like this, and after you proposed to him, Lith didn’t want to betray your trust. I get rid of the indecent proposals and then give him a brief summary."

"Thank you, thank you, thank you!" Kamila hugged Solus. "I don’t know what I would do without you. Gods, why are Awakened women so..."

"Hot? Kinky? Limber?" Solus said after Kamila tried and failed for a few seconds to find the right word.

"No!" Kamila blushed up to her ears. "I was going to say shameless."

"Oh, right." Solus cleared her throat in embarrassment. "That was going to be my next guess. I swear"

***

In the afternoon, everybody moved back to the Verhen House and the tower to the clearing in the Trawn Woods. Lith patrolled the sky and streets of Lutia a few times every day to show his fellow citizens that he hadn’t forgotten about his promise to keep them safe.

"I’m glad you have decided to share the Indech with Lutia as well, but are you sure it isn’t too soon?" Zekell had changed into his robe as the high cleric before leaving the house. "The big reveal was just yesterday, and this could mess up your plans."

"Don’t be naïve, Zekell." Lith replied. "Everybody who matters heard the news about my Indech form before the wedding party ended and is already planning their next move."