Supreme Magus

Chapter 4172: Old Scars (Part 1)

’Every time I weaved the Zero spells with my mind, I turned into a popsicle.’Baba Yaga flinched at the memory.’If not for my white core, I would have died at my first failed experiment.’

’What about the Cinder rune?’Silverwing was allowed to contribute only to the theoretical side of the research. The runes discovered by Elysia and Lith were still a secret to her.

’We made no progress on that either.’Baba Yaga inwardly shook her head.’Every attempt to use it without hand signs and chanting ended badly.’

’Have you thought about going to a Fringe?’Silverwing asked. ’The voice of Mogar should be much clearer there, and if you and Lith get completely stumped, you could ask for an audience.’

She had realized that no matter how many times she apologized, it wouldn’t affect the opinion Lith had of her. The First Magus had decided to regain his trust through her actions and was waiting for an opportunity to prove her worth.

’We did, but there are a few issues with that.’The Mother replied. ’After the many unpleasant experiences that Solus had every time she entered a Fringe, she is terrified of them.

’And don’t get me started on how Solus might react if a group of local elves approaches her.’

’Yeah, as if M’Rael didn’t traumatize her enough, those Chroniclers really did a number on Epphy.’Silverwing nodded.’I wouldn’t be surprised if she started hating the entire elven race.’

’Then, there is the problem of the spatial isolation.’Baba Yaga continued.’Communications don’t work while inside a Fringe, and research takes time and focus.

’With Meln threatening their family and Kamila’s advanced pregnancy, Lith and Solus are unwilling to travel.Moreover, although we would indeed hear Mirror runes more easily inside a Fringe, there’s no guarantee that we’d tap into the undercurrent of the stable ones.

’What if, under the wrong circumstances, we hear the unstable runes the Eldritches use? Not only would we put our lives at risk, but we also would have no idea what has gone wrong unless Elysia or Lith hears the stable runes and realizes our mistake.’

’Dammit, you are right.’Silverwing inwardly cursed.’This is not like our regular magical experiments. Mogar does guide you toward the right runes when you don’t know them, but both stable and unstable runes are right.

’Mogar would point us toward the runes most suitable for our experiment, no matter if stable or unstable.’

’My point exactly.’Baba Yaga nodded.’As for the audience with Mogar, you know it’s not that simple, or you’d have already learned Creation Magic and discovered your apex human form.’

’I should be that lucky.’Silverwing grunted.’Mogar always speaks in riddles, and no matter how many times you go to the Mindscape, her answers never change.

’Even worse, if you bother her too much, Mogar lets you in only to kick your ass on the way out.The last time we met, I barely survived. The message was clear, don’t come back until you have different questions or something to share.’

While the two white cores discussed, the guests kept coming.

"Jadon, Keyla. It’s so nice to see you again. Thank you for coming." Lith said.

"Thanks to you for inviting us." Jadon replied. "It’s not every day that a mere Count gets invited to a Royal Gala hosted by a Magus."

"Nonsense." Lith said as the two men shook hands. "Our families share a deep bond. You and Keyla are more than my guests. You are my friends."

Jadon and Keyla Lark were the heirs of the late Count Trequill Lark, Lith’s first patron and Orpal’s first victim as the Balkor copycat.

"I’m sorry we didn’t get to see each other more often." Kamila gave them the deepest curtsy her status allowed her. "There’s always something to do, and the moment we solve a problem, another pops out."

"Tell me about it." Keyla sighed. "As if dealing with two counties wasn’t hard enough, we had to deal with Meln’s attempt on our lives first, and then with his attack on the Kingdom.

"Jadon and I have so much work to do to rebuild the damaged cities and prepare for the next attack that to visit you we’d have to start skipping our meals, sleep, or just abandon our families."

"That’s no joking matter." Viram Lark, Keyla’s husband, said. "You already forget to eat unless I shove the spoon in your mouth, and you often fall asleep on your desk in the middle of the night, forcing me to carry you to bed.

"As for our kids, spend less time with them, and they’ll soon forget your face."

"I know, and I’m sorry." Keyla whined. "I promise I will do better."

"Let’s talk about this another time and place." Viram said while bowing to Lith and Kamila. "Let’s not ruin our hosts’ night."

"I’m sorry too, dear." Jadon said to Ilyka, his wife, who was glaring at him in silence. "Let’s get in and enjoy our evening for once."

Next came Brinja Distar and her husband, Ainz.

"Hi, Lith. You’re glowing, Kamila." Marchioness Distar wore a deep green gala dress embroidered with precious gemstones and decorated with fine lace that a baby girl did her best to tear off. "Sorry if I rush in, but Milla hates dressing up."

The young Marchioness was crying at the top of her lungs, trying to take off her frilly and uncomfortable dress.

"Don’t worry." Kamila chuckled. "The crib is in the second room on the right after the Main Hall. Shargein is in there. You can’t miss it."

"I’m fine with Shargein, but what about Manohar?" Ainz asked.

"You mean Manohar the Second?" Lith replied. "He’ll enter later."

"I don’t see much of a difference." Ainz snorted. "Make sure to search him properly before putting him in with the other children."

"You have my word." Lith nodded.

The couple entered in a rush, the desperate cries of the baby girl turned many heads, but all for the wrong reasons. Taking a toddler to a social event was considered in poor taste, but Brinja couldn’t care less about taste.

Orpal had already attempted to take Milla’s life and marked her as one of his targets. Brinja never left her daughter alone and would rather suffer the disdain of her peers than the Dead King touching one hair of her baby girl.

"Lith, Kamila, thanks again for the invite." Baron Wyalon said. "It’s always nice to get out of our burrow and enjoy the warmth of the south."

"He means Magus Verhen and Lady Verhen." His wife, Mirias, corrected him, becoming pale at the Baron’s disregard for etiquette.

"The pleasure is mine, Wyalon." Lith replied. "Thank you for coming. I’m happy to see you in peaceful circumstances. How is Clila doing?"

"She is still in a lot of pain." The Baron sighed. "Losing her brother like that scarred her, but she’s a strong girl. With a bit of luck, Clila will get back on her feet in no time."

"Please, take care of her for us." Kamila said.

"Don’t worry. We make sure she eats all her meals and doesn’t let herself go." Mirias replied. "She’ll be our honored guest for as long as she needs."

"Thanks, Mirias." Lith gave her a small bow. "How is the DoLorean treating you?"