Supreme Magus

Chapter 4098: That Kind of Relationship (Part 1)

"I am Ajatar the Sapphire Dragon now!" Ajatar roared his challenge to both the Hydra and the Drake clan leaders, releasing Dragon Fear across the entire audience.

"This is impossible!" Seryl said, yet her trembling body begged to differ.

"A Sapphire Dragon?" Paltar knew how to counter Dragon Fear, but he was too shocked to resist its effects. He fell to his knees along with all those staring at Ajatar in awe. "A Drake finally followed in our forefather’s footsteps and became a Dragon?"

The courtroom lit up as countless eyes flared with mana to activate Life Vision. No Lesser Divine Beast could shapeshift to 30 meters of height without his organs collapsing due to the lack of mass, and Dragon Fear couldn’t be faked.

Yet everyone refused to believe Ajatar’s claim until their own eyes slapped them in the face with the cold, harsh truth. The former Drake had the vitality and mana flow of a Dragon, and his life force burned with inner fire.

"It is possible." Leegaain spoke for the second time since the start of the debate. "A new star shines in the Brood. Ajatar is the first Sapphire Dragon and currently the only one of his kind.

"For this reason, I officially welcome him in the Brood and name him Father of All Sapphire Dragons."

"Thanks, Grandfather." Ajatar knelt to the Guardian and then turned back to address the audience. "As you see, Fyrwal laid the foundations of my work, but I did everything else! I found the solution and evolved first.

"Fyrwal’s choice to spare Ufyl was right, and so was her decision to involve in the research only those who were more interested in helping than fighting her for command.

"My erstwhile brothers and sisters, my cousins, I plan to share the fruits of my research with all of you, but not until the Dead King is defeated." Ajatar’s words incited an applause that turned into disappointed groans just as quickly.

"Don’t misunderstand. I’m not trying to punish or blackmail you. You know I’m not that kind of Drake... I mean, Dragon. My method works, but sadly, becoming a Divine Beast is not a one-size-fits-all kind of procedure.

"It needs to be adjusted according to the unique traits that each bloodline carries and then fine-tuned to suit a specific life force. Without a long and careful study, you’d either die or become the first Fallen Dragon in Mogar’s history.

"I didn’t succeed overnight. As Seryl pointed out many times, it took me over a year to reach this point. The Dead King won’t give us a year before he comes to enslave us all. Even if he did, you’ll probably need longer than me to succeed.

"I have secrets I won’t divulge, and I’m not going to help any of you. All you’ll have is the cold, hard data I compiled about the process in general. Everything else you’ll have to discover on your own because it’s part of my legacy, and I’ll share it only with the future Sapphire Dragons."

"What about us?" Nethem the Behemoth asked. "What about the Firebirds?"

"My method suits Drakes best, but with the proper adjustments, it should work for non- Lesser Dragons as well, or at least give you all the knowledge you need to find your own method. As I said, you’ll need much longer than the Dead King will afford us." Ajatar replied.

"Thanks, Lord Ajatar." Nethem kneeled, and not because of Dragon Fear. "You are a beacon of hope for us all."

"You knew it." Seryl growled, digging her claws deep in the ground to keep herself from jumping at Fyrwal’s throat. "You knew Ajatar had already succeeded and said nothing to make a fool out of me!"

"Please, you needed no help for that." Fyrwal scoffed. "Did you really think I’d come here with nothing but an emotional speech? I simply let you do the hard work for me. You proved to everyone what kind of incompetent idiot the likes of you are and why the Beast Council needs me.

"As your final lesson, Seryl, know this. Selecting the most suitable members for a task is not sowing discord. It’s what a leader does to ensure victory. Just like sparing Ufyl’s life wasn’t just the act of a bleeding heart, but an investment for the future.

"While the rest of the Council let themselves get blinded by rage and revenge, I looked at the bigger picture. If it weren’t for me, Ajatar wouldn’t have succeeded, and we’d be stuck as Lesser Divine Beasts unless another Thrud emerged."

Then, Fyrwal turned to the audience.

"All in favor of my candidacy?" She raised her hand first, and everyone else quickly followed.

"The decision is almost unanimous." Leegaain stood up as he stared at Seryl’s lowered hand. "Fyrwal the Hydra is interim Beast Representative by acclamation."

"Thanks, Grandfather." Fyrwal took her rightful seat and looked down on her defeated opponent.

"If the matter is resolved, I’ll take my leave." Ajatar said. "I have better things to do than listen to politics, but you can count on me for the war, Fyrwal. Let me know the role you need me to play in your plans, and I’ll follow your lead."

He reverted to his humanoid size, but kept his draconic appearance. When he donned the mage robe again, the ocean-green turned to sky-blue.

"Ajatar!" Theresya, one of his ex-wives, called him, but Ajatar turned around and walked away, pretending she didn’t exist.

"Father, wait!" Askalon, one of his sons, chased after him and grabbed Ajatar’s shoulders just to be dragged as the Sapphire Dragon kept walking. "What about us?"

"You’ll receive a copy of my research in due time, like everybody else." Ajatar replied. "Don’t worry, I’m not that petty."

"That’s not what I meant." Yet the realization that Ajatar could have taught Askalon the secret of Dragonhood right there tightened his throat. "What about your children? We carry your blood. Your method should work on us as well.

"We can turn us into Sapphire Dragons in time for the war, if you allow us."

"My children?" Ajatar’s mirthless laugh echoed across the courtroom. "No, you are Ajatar the Drake’s children, and he’s dead now. He wasn’t killed by the transformation, but from the decades he had to endure your silence and ungratefulness.

"He wasn’t a perfect father, but who is? He did his best, but it was never enough. He had to stand your cold indifference until this day, now you’ll experience mine. I owe you nothing, Askalon the Drake.

"Now stop groveling like the spoiled child you are and don’t tarnish your father’s memory further." A snap of his fingers, and Ajatar Warped away, leaving behind a trail of broken dreams and hearts.

Many Awakened ladies of all the beast races commented about Ajatar’s newfound charms and plotted schemes to befriend him. At the same time, everyone else discussed Ajatar’s success and looked for partners to replicate it.

Soon, there was so much chaos and noise that any strategic discussion became impossible.

"We’ll take five minutes to let this die down." Raagu sighed. "If we don’t, no one will listen to a word we say."

"Agreed." Fyrwal nodded, looking at Inxialot’s frenzied scribbling for a few seconds before walking down the dais.