Supreme Magus

Chapter 3933: Right Choice (Part 2)

"Good thinking." The Shadow Dragon nodded. "Sit down. There’s a lot I need to say."

The Master conjured several chairs and as many tendrils of Spirit Magic, allowing Zoreth to form a mind link with everyone.

’The last thing she needs is reliving her trauma over and over.’He thought.’Once is already too much.’

Zoreth shared everything about her capture, Raum’s origins, and his plans. She left out everything about Solus’ tower, the treatments she had received, and the methods Lith had employed to cure her.

The Shadow Dragon closed the mind link by explaining her newfound abilities, but not how she had discovered them or her training methods.

"Damn." Tezka said. "Your brother was crazy. Raum, I mean."

"Thank the gods Bytra called for Lith’s help." Kigan nodded. "Only a Guardian could defeat an Eldritch of that caliber inside his own lair."

"How much stronger have you become, exactly?" Orulm asked.

"In my Dragon form? I have no idea." Xenagrosh shrugged. "I spent most of my time in my humanoid body since I can turn into a Dragon whenever I want. If I had to guess, however, I’d say that I’m as strong as when I forced my cores to merge."

"Except that now there is no time limit or backlash." Orulm pointed out. "That’s your natural condition."

"There’s more." Zoreth said. "Now I have unlocked both my human and troll powers. Nelia, I’d like to give another go at Light Mastery with your help."

"If you have half the talent for light magic the trolls of old had, it should come easy to you." The Griffon nodded. "Call me whenever you are ready."

"I’ve noticed you’ve left out many things in your story." Vastor said. "Care to explain?"

"Rest assured that I have not betrayed your secrets, Father." Zoreth replied. "I am simply keeping Lith’s as well. He asked me not to share anything of his research with you, and that’s what I’m going to do.

"You are free to study my life force, but don’t expect any explanation from me."

"I understand and respect your wishes." Vastor nodded. "Just a few questions. Kigan and I are evolved humans as well. Can you teach us how to use our powers?"

"No." Zoreth shook her head. "That’s part of Lith’s secrets. Ask him, not me."

Orulm snarled, and a few hybrids clenched their hands in fury, but no one complained.

"That’s fine." If the Master was upset, it didn’t show. "Did you learn anything during your stay in the Desert that you can share with us?"

"Not really." She sighed. "I was in so much pain the whole time that I could barely think. There is one thing I have to say, however. For the time being, I’ll do everything you want, but only about procuring and delivering inanimate resources.

"I don’t want to have anything to do with the test subjects for your experiments anymore."

"Same here." Bytra squirmed on her chair, wringing her hands.

"Are you sure?" Vastor’s expression hardened, but his voice remained calm.

"Please, Father, look at my memories again." Zoreth grabbed the Master’s hand, and he re-established the mind link. "I can’t do it anymore because while before I just knew what happened to our victims, now I am one of them.

"I’ve spent days in their shoes, and surviving the experience only makes things worse for me. Before trying to explain and justify what we do, Father, please answer me this." Zoreth held Vastor’s gaze long enough to ensure he was listening to her.

"If someone with plans as grandiose and noble as yours kidnapped Zinya for their experiments, would you care for whatever you were about to say to me, or would you gut them like a fish and hang them with their own intestines?"

"The latter." Vastor replied without a moment of hesitation.

"Then you can understand how I feel." Bytra shivered so hard that Zoreth had to cover her with one of the heavy blankets that still lay on the floor. "I didn’t even get to gut the bastard. I could only watch Zor suffer and die slowly in my arms."

"I have no more questions, then." The Master nodded and stood up. "Come on, we have made Zin and the kids wait for too long already. Let’s celebrate Zoreth’s return home like she deserves."

***

Blood Desert, Salaark’s Palace, at the same time.

"Thank you for everything, Elina." Aryk and Lilax gave her a deep bow. "You’ve taught us a lot, and we’ll never forgive your kindness."

"Don’t be silly, children." She crossed the distance and hugged them one at a time. "This is not a goodbye. You can come visit us whenever you want. Isn’t that right, Grandfather?"

The two youths froze like deer in headlights at physical contact and didn’t return the embrace. Lilax and Aryk knew they wouldn’t stay long in the Desert and had done all they could to not get attached to Elina.

Yet after years of fear and isolation, it was hard to let go of the only gentle touch they remembered, and their eyes misted with tears.

"Indeed." Leegaain nodded. "I’m not going to abandon these children. They’ll have a roof over their head and warm food on their plates for as long as they need. They will be my honored guests and are free to travel when their studies allow them."

"Studies?" Lilax swallowed hard. "You mean there’s more to reading, writing, and counting?"

The past few days had been enough to master the alphabet and the numbers, but everything else still needed work.

"Only if you want to." Leegaain replied. "I don’t expect you two to become scholars, but once you’re done with the basics, you are free to delve into whatever subject of your liking. If studying isn’t your thing, then you need to learn a trade.

"I’ll provide for that too, but don’t underestimate the task at hand. You guys are socially awkward, and your manners are terrible." His words made Aryk and Lilax blush, and Elina scowl. "It’s okay while you are at home, but not outside.

"The rest of Mogar doesn’t owe them compassion, Elina. I just want them to have a normal life, and this will take time and effort. I don’t mean to rush them, but you know what happens when a child lacks discipline and spends too long wallowing in self-pity."

Leegaain hadn’t mentioned Orpal and didn’t need to.

Elina remembered how much her lost son hated chores and responsibilities. How Orpal had always tried to do the bare minimum to avoid getting scolded and then demanded to enjoy the fruits of the labor of his siblings.

’They are no Meln, but Grandfather is right.’She went pale at the thought.’If we spoil them now, Aryk and Lilax will never get back on their feet and use their tragic past as an excuse to justify their failings.

’They need discipline and structure more than they need a vacation.’

Truth be told, after spending years in the streets of Dekari, having five meals a day, a personal room, and a warm bed was a dream come true for the youths. They already felt spoiled and wished to repay their savior for his kindness.