Supreme Magus

Chapter 4222: Unexpected Mercy (Part 1)

A crimson-red aura blazed from Nyka’s body and equipment, coating her like a second skin. The vampire wielded Bloodsport in a two-handed grip and struck with all her might, even though the closest Ishara to her was dozens of meters away.

The head of the war mace detached itself, revealing the existence of a thin enchanted chain hidden in the haft. Nyka’s strength alone was enough to propel Bloodsport’s head like a bullet, but Ruler’s Might turned it into a meteor.

It would have still not been enough to hit the Ishara due to the Life Maelstrom boosting his reflexes if not for Ruler’s Might’s aura also granting Nyka the same speed as a Blood Spell.

"Get over here!" Earth magic fused Nyka’s legs with the ground while Ruler’s Might gave her arms the strength to lift the Ishara off his four legs as if he weighed like a man.

"With pleasure!" Utho replied with a snarl, conjuring one tier five spell on each of his four limbs.

’Nice!’Solus and Loma thought.

She had her back turned on the explosions, while the Horde had no eyes at all.

The Horde projected that energy inward, turning every spore into a living projectile that exploded upon impact. The mana blast killed the spores and breached past every defense the Divine Beasts could conjure.

Then, part of the Horde would slip through the cracks and enter the Isharas’ open wounds. A living disease spread through their flesh, eating the Divine Beasts alive and poisoning them with its mana.

It was a disease that light fusion couldn’t fight and a parasite that fought darkness fusion with its own. Loma lost mass with every impact, but he gained more as new spores burst out of the fallen Isharas’ armor.

Hordes had no such problem. The lost spores were discarded and replaced by new ones with fresh bodies and cores. A single complete turnover reset Invigoration and removed the effects of mana abuse without the need to rest.

Numbers meant nothing to a Horde since weaker enemies would quickly become their spawning grounds.

Killing a single Horde took the overwhelming destructive power of an Eldritch, and to capture one of them alive, even that wouldn’t be enough.

It was a feat that only Guardians could achieve, but none of them would ever stoop that low.

"Bring them down, my children!" Imosi unleashed all the Life Maelstrom he had left, splitting it evenly between his enemies and allies.

The overloaded orange Horde’s spores exploded like fireworks before reaching their next target, while Ruler’s Might turned against Nyka, threatening to blow her apart.

The power of the Blood Spell grew beyond what she could handle, and her weakened blood core couldn’t resist the violent waves of her own mana as they tore her body apart.

’Yes, Mom!’The Sage Staff used its emerald crystals to amplify Draining Grounds and support Solus’ Domination. It also grounded part of the Life Maelstrom, dispersing everything that might harm its master.

Solus would have turned Imosi’s winning move into a colossal mistake if she didn’t have to worry about Nyka and Loma. Solus suffered no damage from the Life Maelstrom thanks to Domination protecting her body, but her companions weren’t so lucky.

Alas, they didn’t even have that long.

Even with the Sage Staff’s help, the silvery-blue blast was too much for Solus’ Draining Grounds. She and Nyka were sent flying, and neither of them would have survived if not for Solus infusing the vampire’s body with part of the Life Maelstrom she had already stolen.

"It’s over." Imosi said. "We have accomplished our mission. It’s time we go home."

"Leave them be." Imosi’s stern tone brooked no argument. "We killed two Hordes today. Two noble warriors who only wanted to protect their dying race. You won’t disgrace their memory with your unsightly behavior."

Ygri rose from one of the spore stashes he had hidden far away from the meadows before approaching the fungus folk’s hiding spot.

"I will let you live. Surrender now, and I promise no harm will come to you and your clansmen."

"I’m sorry, but I can’t accept your offer, brother Horde." Imosi clenched the emerald sphere in his hand. "I hold the key to save my race, and I’ll be damned before I give up on it out of cowardice.

"We Isharas might fall, but we’ll bring down as many of you Hordes with us as we can."