Supreme Magus

Chapter 4100: An Awful Start (Part 1)

"Glemos abandoned me at 12, and you are the closest thing to a male role model I’ve ever had. It’s only thanks to your teachings that I married the woman of my dreams, so I know you’ll be able to take care of Orikan and Jirya as well.

"I’ve already named my children after Orion and Jirni because they have one foot in the grave, but if I let them be godparents as well, it’ll just go to their heads. They’ll become even more bossy than they already are and try to dictate how I educate my children."

Morok snorted in annoyance, his blood boiling so much that he needed a couple of seconds to regain his cool.

"As for Lith, he’s more Quylla’s friend than mine, and I don’t want Orikan and Jirya to grow as serious or pessimistic as he is. Once his own twins are born, Nalrond will be too busy learning how to be a father to his children to worry about mine.

"Garrik is too young, and like me, he grew up without a real father until we reunited. He can’t teach the children what he doesn’t know yet. You are the only one I can trust with my greatest treasure. With my legacy. The only legacy that counts.

"My children. I can leave everything regarding the Tyrant research to Lith. I know that he’ll do a great job with or without me. What worries me is the idea of leaving Orikan and Jirya before they can get to know me.

"Before I can teach them all the things it took me so long and so much pain to learn on my own. You can be their mentor as you’ve been mine. You are the only person besides Quylla who really knows me and can tell the children stories about their father.

"Unlike the others, you’d tell them the bad things about me without the need to hide the contempt in your voice, and the good things without the need to make them up. Please, Master Ajatar, I don’t want to live through the words of those who just consider me the weirdo who married Quylla."

The Sapphire Dragon didn’t know what to say. He was still stunned from surprise, and his overthinking nature led him to consider all the possible implications that might arise from taking on such a responsibility.

On top of that, Ajatar was scared. Scared of doing a bad job and ruining his relationship with Orikan and Jirya like he had ruined that with his own children.

’Being the funny uncle is easy, but being a parent? Just teaching discipline is a monster in itself.’He thought.

Morok knew none of this and interpreted the silence as hesitation, so he played his trump card.

"If you won’t be the twins’ godfather, at least take Orikan under your wing. Quylla can teach Jirya everything she needs, and we know so many hybrids that the twins won’t struggle too much with their hybrid nature.

"Yet Quylla can’t teach Orikan how to be a man. I had no one to teach me either, and life is a cruel and painful teacher. Please, I don’t want Orikan to repeat my mistakes. I want him to grow into a confident, young man, and I know you can do it."

"You’re asking a lot from me, child." Ajatar found the strength to speak only because he was angry at himself for forcing his disciple to beg so much. "You know my past as a parent and a young Drake. I wasn’t, and I’m not as great as you paint me.

"I can’t promise you I’ll make all the wonders you expect from me, but I promise you that I’ll do my best. It would be my honor to be Orikan’s *and* Jirya’s godfather."

"Thank you, Master Ajatar." Morok’s face lit up with joy.

He gave the Sapphire Dragon a deep bow, followed by a long, awkward hug. Then, he called Quylla, who had been waiting with the twins in the next room.

’I’d prefer Lith to be Orikan’s godfather and Friya Jirya’s godmother, but Morok is right.’She thought.’Lith would turn the twins into workaholics like Aran and Leria, while Friya would go crazy dealing with four children.

’Yet the most important thing is that Ajatar is the only one who really knows Morok and loves him as he is. If something happens to me, my entire family knows me and can show the twins my entire life.

’If something happens to Morok, nobody but Ajatar knows the first thing about him because no one ever bothered to ask him. Not even my father.’

The twins had been struggling to escape from their mother’s arms and fly away the entire time, but stopped their efforts the moment she entered the room.

The Sapphire Dragon’s scales shone like precious gemstones, and the babies had a soft spot for sparkly things.

"Orikan, Jirya, this is Ajatar. He is your godfather now." Morok said.

The babies looked at him, understood nothing, looked at Ajatar, and giggled at the shiny scales. They jumped off Quylla and onto the Sapphire Drake the moment she loosened her grip.

"See, dear? The babies agree with my choice." Morok nodded with pride.

"Sort of." Ajatar replied as Orikan and Jirya bit and clawed at him, trying to tear off his scales. "They are more enthusiastic about the wrapping than the gift, but fair enough."

He gently grabbed the kids from the back and turned them to face him.

"Hello, children. I’m Ajatar. Please, don’t introduce yourself, or your mother will have a stroke." Morok and Quylla laughed at the joke, but she crossed her fingers behind her back, praying to the gods to listen to the Dragon.

"As your godfather, it’s my duty to tell you embarrassing stories about your father, and still make him look like a cool guy. It’s a mammoth task, but I’ll-" Orikan and Jirya put their heads in Ajatar’s open maw, cutting him short.

The long, ivory fangs seemed really interesting, and so did the violet light coming from his throat. The Sapphire Dragon opened his mouth wide, afraid to hurt the children, while Quylla and Morok did their best to pull the babies out.

"See? This is an awful start." Morok said with a nostalgic smile as Orikan pulled the Dragon’s tongue. "Just like our first meeting, Master Ajatar. You three are going to get along great."

***

Later, at dinner, Morok shared the good news with everyone, and they rejoiced. Lith was sick and tired of people asking him to look after their children, and he already had his hands full with Aran, Leria, Lilia, and Leran.

Nalrond was glad to keep his freedom until his twins arrived. Orikan and Jirya were a full-time job, and just looking at their antics was enough to cover him in a cold sweat. The Agni couldn’t stop picturing two baby boys Warping around while shooting heat rays.

The only exception was Orion, who had many objections to raise and many things to say about Morok’s and Quylla’s choice. Yet a simple glare from his daughter shut him up, and a private conversation later ended the argument.

"I’ve already named our son after you, and if you don’t think Morok deserves to say his piece in our marriage, that’s proof enough you are no godparent material, Dad." Quylla snarled.