Supreme Magus

Chapter 4370: Awakened Justice (Part 2)

"You, instead, are nothing but a bunch of whiny, pathetic ants that will die of old age before another of my hairs turns white. I understand your frustration when facing your betters, but worry not.

"The Awakened Council was founded with the precise intent to prevent situations like this from arising. We have dealt with cases like yours countless times. Our first law is clear.

"Anyone who tries to steal the secret of Awakening instead of earning it must be eliminated."

A wave of her hand broke Marchioness Xebas’s every bone, producing the crunching sound of a giant eating cereal. The Marchioness was still alive, and the nobles watched her eyes fill with tears of pain as life slowly abandoned them.

They had to watch her die while the arrays of the Throne Room kept them still, unable to avert their gaze.

"Anyone else who lays claim to the secret of Awakening, please raise your hand." Raagu said as a snap of her fingers turned Marchioness Xebas’ corpse into a fine dust.

"No? Very well." She nodded. "I hope to never see you again, my fellow humans. Because if we do, it means you have become a problem I have to deal with. Do you have any questions before I leave?"

Terrified silence followed her words. No noble dared move a muscle even after the Royals lifted the gravity array.

"I’ll take my leave, then." Raagu said. "Your Majesties."

She disappeared as fast as she had appeared, leaving the Royal Court stunned and afraid she might still be within earshot.

"Violence is not how the Crown addresses disagreement, my loyal retainers." King Meron said. "Marchioness Xebas’ death pains me and so does staining these halls with blood.

"Yet as my dear Queen reminded you, Awakened matters must follow Awakened law. It’s part of our treaty with the Council, a document you all read and signed in time of war.

"That treaty still stands. Peace doesn’t allow you to renege on your word. You can challenge the authority of the Council, but if you choose to take that path, you will be considered as any other citizen of the Kingdom, not as a member of this Court.

"The Crown won’t support your treachery and our law will not protect you. Dismissed!"

***

Verhen Mansion, a few days later.

Lith and his friends took their time examining the spoils of battle before dismantling everything and adding them to the Crucible. Teneb’s magic was outdated by millennia, but Menadion studied it like the treasure it was.

"Ancient magic doesn’t equal bad magic." She said. "The Invincible King had great ideas that were millennia ahead of his time. He implemented them poorly only because he lacked the means to tap into the full potential of his creations.

"If we learn his technique and adapt it to modern magic, it might be useful to us in the future."

The equipment collected from the dead Upyrs, instead, was nothing special, but it still gave Lith insight into the means currently available to the Dead King’s army.

"This isn’t bad, but it’s nothing special either." Lith used the Thievery to quickly uncover the nature of the power cores. "It seems that Meln suffers from an Adamant shortage just like us.

"His lackeys still use the artifact they received from their bloodlines or that they bought for themselves before becoming Upyrs. There is no common design, and most pieces have been Forgemastered by a different hand."

Once that was settled, Lith studied the effects of the latest stable Cursed rune that Elysia had revealed, Malkor.

"You were right." Solus conjured a weak spell that, after brushing with a spark of Corruption, became capable of injuring Lith. "While Choke affects the stability of a spell or an enchantment, Corruption scrambles their energy signature.

"Their caster is no longer safe from their effects, and Dominating them becomes much easier. With the energy signature lost, the willpower imbued in a spell fades away. A tier five spell becomes no different from a tier four."

"I figured as much." Lith sighed. "It’s the same effect that Tezka’s Corruption Gates had. Too bad that it won’t be so useful for regular magic. Spells clashing against each other is a rare occurrence."

"Tell me about it." Friya sighed harder. "My Dimensional Ruler spell could do wonders if only I could use Dread Magic."

"And I could do wonders as well if I had the skill to apply Dread Magic to dimensional magic." Lith replied. "Too bad that every attempt to combine them ended up exploding in my face."

They both turned to look at Baba Yaga.

"Why are you staring at me?" She scoffed. "I’m no dimensional mage, and I still freeze up whenever I conjure more than five Dread Magic runes. You two surpass me in your respective fields."

"Well, if you master Dread Magic, you could teach me how to use it safely." Friya cleared her throat.

"And once Friya learns how to apply a Cursed Element to a Warp, she could teach it to me." Lith said.

"How nice of you." Baba Yaga snorted. "Putting all your expectation on me without even offering me a cup of tea for my trouble."

"That’s not true, I-" One of the tower’s safeguards pulled at Lith’s consciousness, cutting him short. "Tezka has just stepped through the Mansion’s Gate."

"Finally!" Friya jumped in joy. "I’m so glad he could make it. For some reason, he has been very busy of late. Just give me a minute to call Master Faluel, and I’ll have my first lesson about dimensional crystals."

’We’ll have it.’The Hydra corrected her Harbinger via their telepathic bond.

"Would you be willing to provide me with dimensional crystals once you master your craft, child?" Baba Yaga asked. "They are hard to find, even for those who can afford their ungodly price."

"Of course, Lady Yaga." Friya gave the Mother a deep bow. "It’s the least I can do. See you later."

She Warped out of the tower, leaving Lith and Baba Yaga to their experiments. When she walked out of the Steps, however, she didn’t find the usual warm family reunion waiting for her.

On one side of the living room, the Verhen and Vastor kids were cheering and hugging with joy. Filia and Frey had revealed their red auras and displayed the results of their magical training to their friends.

It was nothing much, like forming a snowflake on a window or drawing in the air with fire, but it was a miracle for the Vastors.

"Finally!" Aran clenched his fists in triumph as if it was his personal achievement. "And the best part is that if you train diligently, you’ll reach the yellow in no time. I can’t wait for the moments we can have a good spar!"

"He means exchanging pointers." Leria nudged him to remind Aran they were forbidden from practicing offensive spells. "I’m very happy for you, guys. How is Uncle Tezka as a teacher?"

"He’s the best." Filia puffed her chest out with pride. "He’s kind, patient, and has prepared a lot of cool exercises for us. Too bad that even with his help, I won’t be able to enroll in an academy. I’m already thirteen, and I’m barely a red core."