Supreme Magus

Chapter 4156: Valeron’s Dream (Part 1)

"It doesn’t need an imprint, but it can connect only to our internal network." The valet said while extending his hand with his palm out.

Lith begrudgingly tipped the young man and sent him on his way.

"Well, what do you think of this place?" Lith unstrapped the kids from their stroller and let them free to explore the Royal Suite.

"It’s gorgeous." Solus said. "I didn’t expect you to spend this much on a vacation."

"Solus!" Kamila became beet red in embarrassment.

"What? It’s the truth." She shrugged.

"It is." Lith sighed. "Yet it’s been too long since we have traveled without holing up here and there. We deserve to live up a little, especially considering we won’t be able to move around for a while once Ral is born."

"I love the Unicorn’s Pot, Lith." Kamila hugged him. "I really do. It’s a lovely present."

She knew how much gold Lith earned between his annuities and the mission rewards, but in the end, it was still his money, and she didn’t want to take it for granted.

"Then I expect you not to call me the Miser Magus for at least three months after we get back home." He replied.

"I’ll do my best." She chuckled.

"By the way, Mom, how do you know so much about Amrok?" Solus asked. "Earlier, you sounded like a tour guide."

"Back in my day, I came here often." Menadion replied. "As the coachman said, Valeron the First used the infrastructures of what was left of the empire to build the Kingdom you see today.

"Lochra and I spent quite a bit of time studying the streets, waterways, bridges, and everything else that could be reproduced with an array and then refined by a handful of specialized workers.

"Even with our help, it took Valeron decades to build the infrastructures necessary to connect the isolated areas of the Kingdom and turn a bunch of small states into a well-oiled machine."

"Then how come you didn’t remember the city’s name?"

"I was just being grumpy." Ripha shrugged. "I’m not a museum person, and there’s nothing for me here. Valeron preserved all the artistic and natural beauty of Amrok, but he stripped it of all its military and magical power.

"You won’t find a single magical library here, a specialized smithy, or anything related to magic outside the local branches of the army or the Association. This place is nothing but a giant tourist trap."

"Why did Valeron do that?" Lith asked.

"Because Amrok was still a force to be reckoned with." Menadion replied. "The Trokan empire had yet to be fully assimilated into the Kingdom, and Valeron was afraid that without such precautions, Amrok would become fertile ground for rebellion.

"It’s one of the reasons the teaching of high-tier magic is only allowed in the six great academies, and there is none in this region. King Valeron put the centers of power in the hands of those he trusted and where he could keep an eye on them."

"What do you mean?" Solus asked.

"Why do you think there are two academies in the Distar region and two more in the former Deirus region?" Menadion said. "Those were the lands that Valeron assigned to Fyrwal and Tessa after establishing his Kingdom.

"By entrusting four of the six great academies to his loyal friends, he ensured control over the majority of the academies. The other two he was forced to position them far away to give the impression of fairness, and because otherwise the Emerald Knight array wouldn’t have been possible."

"What about Juria and Oghrom?" Kamila asked. "Why didn’t the First King trust them as well?"

"He did trust Juria and Oghrom." Menadion replied. "The problem was that Juria had no intention of living past her mortal life, and Valeron didn’t trust her descendants.

"As for Oghrom, he refused Valeron’s offer, claiming that he didn’t trust himself with that kind of power. He trusted his descendants even less. Oghrom declined Valeron’s proposal to build the Fire and Black Griffon in the regions occupied by the Myrok or the Gernoff.

"He believed that without a powerful magical legacy, the Myrok wouldn’t be up to the task. As for the Gernoff, Oghrom was afraid that they would stunt the development of fake magic to maintain their edge over the competition.

"Last, but not least, Oghrom believed in Valeron’s dream of academies that would nurture the future leaders of the Kingdom, regardless of their origins.

"The First King established the schools of magic as a way to reward merit and talent instead of bloodlines, bridging over time the gap between nobles and commoners.

"Oghrom warned Valeron about his own descendants, and the risk they might employ the academies as recruitment centers." Menadion Hushed the babies to talk freely.

"Valeron the First followed Oghrom’s advice and put safeguards to ensure that the great academies wouldn’t produce soldiers and assassins and focus on developing individuals who would become the backbone of the Kingdom."

"What about Nana’s second specialization, then?" Lith asked. "What about the hidden floors of the academies?"

"I was only involved in the building and Forgemastering of the academies, Lith." Menadion said. "I have no idea how the shadow specializations came to be. I can only assume they were established after Valeron the First let himself die.

"He would have never allowed such specializations to be taught to kids, and even if somehow he didn’t find out, Oghrom would. He would have killed the program and anyone involved for the crime of tainting Valeron’s dream."

An awkward silence fell over the room. It lasted until Kamila had to rush to the bathroom, and Menadion dispelled the Hush.

"How the heck did we almost ruin our first day of vacation with such a morbid topic?" Lith pondered.

"Easy. Epphy asked me a question, and you guys followed with more." Menadion replied. "What’s the plan?"

"Since Lith hates museums and the kids would get bored out of their skulls, we have reached a compromise." Kamila said upon her return. "We’ll visit Amrok in the morning, have lunch, and then we can split up and do whatever we want until dinner.

"This way, the kids can have their fun..." She pointed at the babies and Lith. "And you and Ripha can spend a bit of time together, Solus."

"It’s an excellent idea, Kami, but there’s something we can do first." Solus replied.

"Which is?" She asked.

"Finding a nearby mana geyser." Solus said, taking her communication amulet. "The new Sage Staff is working like a charm, but I need to regain my strength now and then. Also, we need a way to return home immediately in case something happens.

"Warp Gates can be jammed, but my tower Warp can’t be stopped."

The issue was quickly solved with Fyrwal’s help. As the new Beast Representative in the Council, she had access to the information regarding all the mana geysers assigned to the beast regional lords.

"Use it wisely and discreetly." The Elder Hydra said after sharing with Solus the coordinates of the nearest mana geyser to Amrok. "The location of this geyser is a secret and carefully cloaked.

"On top of that, there’s nothing in the area, so if you get caught, you’ll have no excuse to be there."