Supreme Magus

Chapter 4197: Wider Scale (Part 2)

If the Eyes had spotted a crucial detail in an evolved human’s life force as well, and Quylla identified it in the footage, she just added her notes to the images.

As soon as Raldarak was done eating and Kamila was presentable, the entire family barged into the room again.

"Come on, Ral. Show them how good you are." Kamila cooed at the baby. "Say, mama."

"Ma... ma." The baby boy obliged.

"I’m so happy for you, Kami." Solus said. "Ral gave you the best gift one could ask for."

’Let’s hope that this helps Kami with her depression.’She actually thought.’With a bit of luck, this time the shock from losing her powers should be less severe and last less.’

"I know!" Kamila replied with a beaming smile. "Even though I just gave birth, I feel so full of energy that I could fly."

"Excellent work, young man." Lith took Raldarak in his arms. "Your next mission is to say, dada. Dya, if it comes easier."

"Ma... ma." Raldarak replied, flabbergasting everyone.

"I’m not your mom. I’m your dad. Say, Dad." Lith enunciated the words slowly.

"Ma... ma!" Raldarak said with confidence.

After passing the baby boy around and everyone being called mama, it became clear that Raldarak only knew the word. He didn’t understand its meaning or to whom it referred.

It was a baby blunder, but it still made Kamila sigh and Solus’ and Zinya’s hearts flutter.

’He called me mom.’Zinya held Raldarak tight to her chest, fighting a losing battle against her tears.’I know it means nothing, but it still makes me so happy.’

’I knew it was too good to be true.’Kamila inwardly grumbled.’Still, today Ral made me and Zin very happy. Maybe, if I let her babysit him, it will help Zin overcome her depression for failing to have more children.’

"Why is everyone making him such a fuss?" Menadion said, sobbing. "Ral is calling everyone mom. There is no reason to get so emotional."

"Ma... ma?" Raldarak asked, making her cry harder.

"Mom, you’d be more believable if you stopped hiccupping and crying." Solus tried to joke to lighten the mood, but her heart tightened seeing the pain on her mother’s face and hearing it in her voice.

’Mom met Elysia when she was already a few months old, while Ral is a newborn.’She thought.’Between the dreams about our past life with Dad, she experiences inside the Void Sigil and Ral calling her mom, Mom must be full of regrets for never giving me a sibling.’

"It’s not my fault." Menadion sniffled. "This little imp keeps smiling at me! He’s doing it on purpose to make me fall in love with him. I’m telling you, he’ll grow up to be a heartbreaker."

Most women in the room thought the same. Even Friya, after being called mom for the first time, had to fight the impulse to grab the baby and run. The only exception was Salaark, who considered Raldarak a member of her Nest.

One couldn’t desire someone she already possessed.

The commotion had just started to die down when Lith felt a pull at his consciousness. Another quickly followed, and then more and more until he pulled his communication amulet out and discovered that most of its runes were blinking.

"I’ll take this one first." Lith snorted in annoyance. "Is everything alright, Your Majesty?"

"Is this a good moment, Magus Verhen?" King Meron sounded aloof, but he could barely contain his excitement. "I hope I’m not interrupting the celebrations for your son’s birth."

The Royals wanted to call Lith ever since the Demon Dirge ended, but they didn’t want to sound desperate or anger Lith. If his bloodline truly held the secret to human evolution, it was better to stay in his good book.

"How do you know-" Until that moment, Lith had no way to know how far and wide the effects of Demon Dirge had reached.

’Fuck me sideways, that’s why everyone is looking for me.’He thought as he noticed missed calls from all the Dragons, Lesser and not, who had his rune.’The Demon Dirge must have caused something similar to what happened while fighting Ruugat, but on a much wider scale.’

"We are still a bit overwhelmed, but you’re not intruding, Your Majesty." Lith replied. "This is as good a time as any to introduce you to the smallest imp in my family."

Solus covered the baby’s head with a hat before handing him to Lith.

"I was going to call you in a while anyway. My King, My Queen, meet Raldarak Verhen." He put the baby in front of the white gemstone, and Raldarak tried to grab the holograms. "Ral, these are the Royals."

"Ma... ma." He greeted them.

"He speaks already?" Meron was flabbergasted.

"No, little one, I’m not your mother." Sylpha giggled like a little girl. "He’s so handsome. Isn’t that right, my King?"

"Who cares about t-" A ribs-cracking nudge cut Meron short. "I mean, sure. He’s one of the most beautiful babies I’ve ever seen since our children. What about Raldarak’s eyes? Is that their natural color?"

"Yes, they have been like this since he was born." Lith nodded. "I checked them already, it’s not mana."

"So, we can assume that Raldarak has at least two elemental affinities." The King said, drawing Sylpha’s glare. "Is there a chance his eye color is another manifestation of his Indech side?"

’How can Meron be so cold and practical?’She thought.

"It’s likely, Your Majesty." Lith replied. "Unlike Elysia, Ral was born with his Indech side as developed as the others. His Tiamat form already displays six wings."

Meron wanted to ask to see them, but he bit his lower lip and just nodded.

"That’s excellent news." Sylpha said. "I can’t wait to meet Raldarak on the day of the gala for Elysia’s birthday. We’ve already taken too much of your time, Magus Verhen. Return to your family and enjoy the celebrations for your son’s birth. Royals out."

After that call, Lith received many others. By the time he was done with them, it was already time for lunch and Raldarak’s fourth meal.

"Me and my big mouth." Kamila sighed. "I got so worried because he wasn’t eating at first that I jinxed myself. This little imp is a first-class glutton."

"Do you want to join us at the table, or do you want to eat in bed?" Lith asked.

"I’ll come to the dining room as soon as I’m done." She replied. "I don’t want to spend more time lying down than it’s absolutely necessary."

Most babies gave Raldarak a warm welcome to the crib. Shargein nuzzled happily on him, and Elysia and Valeron often flew to his side for a hug or to check on him.

Surin and Dripha were mildly curious, whereas Orikan and Jirya expressed their disappointment with clicks of their small tongues. The newcomer was unable to fly and seemed to have no skills that might help them escape from their prison.

All he did was eat, coo, and sleep.

"I hope you’ll enjoy the meal." Quylla gave a shallow bow to the Verhens. "Since you were so busy with the baby, I prepared everything myself. Consider it a small thank you for everything you’ve done for my family."