Supreme Magus

Chapter 4315: Conflicting Natures (Part 1)

The friendly rivalry pushed the two Byks to train a lot in order not to get last place in the children’s games, and Lenart to spend a lot of time out of his head. He was a healthy, happy child surrounded by people who loved him.

Fresh air and group activities were the best therapy for him. Rena knew that her boy would never regain the innocence he had lost, but she was happy to see that the mental scar from Makhari’s death faded bit by bit.

The only one who failed to move from square one was Leran.

More than a week had passed since the day of the attack on Zekell’s house, yet he showed no sign of improvement, no matter what Slash or his family members did. Leran had no trouble during waking hours, but would experience terrible nightmares the moment he closed his eyes.

The dream was always the same.

Leran tightened his grip on Boros, Slash pinned the Awakened to the ground, and the boy delivered the finishing blow. Leran had seen those images enough times to know their every detail, yet that only made his reaction more violent over time.

He started to sleep so little that he dozed off in the middle of the day, and to puke so often that he had to always carry a bucket around.

Protector and Selia were worried sick, but they didn’t know how to help someone who claimed to be fine. They tried to give Leran some space, let him hang out with his friends who had shared a similar experience, and arranged ’accidental’ opportunities to be alone with Nalrond and Lith.

The Agni was a big brother to all the Fastarrow kids, while Lith was universally considered the cool uncle. Leran’s parents hoped that if their son didn’t feel comfortable opening up to them, he would do it with his peers or other adults he trusted.

After a particularly bad night accompanied by even worse puking fits, Selia and Protector were at their wits’ end.

"I know that you barely know us and that Guardians aren’t supposed to intervene in human affairs, but can’t you give us a hand?" Selia asked. "You are the Guardian of children, and Leran is a sweet six years old boy.

"There must be something you can do for him."

"You’re in luck, woman." Scarlett the Sekhmet replied. "I’m not much of a Guardian yet. I’m even weaker than you are at the moment, so nobody will care if I just give you some advice."

"Thanks." Selia gave her a deep bow.

"Leran’s situation is not normal, woman, but it’s not uncommon either." Scarlett said. "Sadly, too many bad things happen to our younglings. I’ve seen much worse during Balkor’s attack, so I know what you are going through."

Until not long ago, mentioning the god of death’s name would have made the Sekhmet’s blood boil. Now, however, she felt little while recalling those memories. She had forgotten nothing about those two days.

Scarlett remembered the names of everyone who had died during that battle and how they had died while projecting the hologram of their features. Yet those events seemed to have taken place decades ago and stirred only sadness in her heart.

’And this despite Tyris’ training that keeps me grounded.’Scarlett thought.’I wonder what would have become of me if I had ventured into Mogar alone after becoming a Guardian. Is it the power or the immortality that makes me so detached?

’Only time will tell.’

"It pains me to say this, but there’s nothing you can do for Leran, woman." Scarlett kept talking even while lost in thought, her mind capable of following both the conversation with Selia and her own musing.

"That’s it?" Selia snorted in disbelief. "I don’t need a Guardian for this kind of advice. Anyone could have told me that resolving this kind of trauma takes time. Guess what, Guardian of the Obvious, I’m not giving up on my son!"

"It’s not a matter of time." Scarlett raised her hand for silence. "It’s a matter of patience. Right now, Leran is in desperate need of help, but he doesn’t know how to ask for it. He’s facing a primal inner conflict that at his age he can’t handle alone.

"Yet pressuring him will only make things worse, woman. Leran has yet to process his feelings, and forcing him to relive those events when he’s not ready would deepen his wounds.

"You have done everything you can for him. Keep being there for Leran. Let him know you’re not ashamed of what he did and that you don’t think less of him for what he’s going through.

"Your son is a warrior wiser than you think. When he understands that he can’t win this battle alone, he’ll come to you, woman. Just make sure that when the moment comes, you don’t fuck it up."

"Thank you." Selia sighed. "By the way, how come you know my son’s name yet you keep calling me woman? And why did you warn only me to be careful? What about this oaf?" She pointed at Protector, who had been by her side the entire time.

"I’m the Guardian of the Children, not of their parents." Scarlett scoffed. "You’re just one of the many women of this house, and I don’t care about any of you enough to remember your names.

"As for your husband, I know and respect Protector. Unlike you, he knows how to listen. Instead of insulting me, he’s been reflecting on my words even when they were vague."

"I was just worried sick about Leran and annoyed by your attitude." Selia blushed a bit.

"And do you think Protector is not?" Scarlett shook her head. "What if Leran can’t find the words to express how he feels and begins to stutter? Will you nag him into talking at a pace you like, or will you wait quietly and listen?"

***

Later that night, Selia adjusted the two extra pillows for their regular guests.

"You know, there’s plenty of space on the floor." She said.

Slash never left Leran’s side, and the bed was too small for someone the size of an Emperor Beast. The Geri had learned to shapeshift, and her chosen form was that of a cute little girl with strawberry-blonde hair and blue eyes.

No matter what form Slash took, Selia only saw her as the pile of coins she had spent to fix all of the Geri’s messes. That and the Emperor Beast putting herself between Selia and her son whenever he slept with his parents irked Selia to no end.

"It’s a good idea. Beware, though, it gets cold in the morning. You’d better use a sleeping bag." Slash had little affection for the huntress after Selia had given her not one but two unflattering names.

"You little-" Protector cleared his throat, cutting Selia short.

"Can you two please stop arguing? I don’t want either of you to leave." Leran said, putting the final nail in the coffin of the quarrel. "Goodnight, Mom. Goodnight, Dad."

"Don’t you want me to read you a story?" Protector asked, receiving a soft snoring in reply.

Leran was so exhausted from insomnia that he had fallen asleep the moment his head touched the pillow.