Supreme Magus

Chapter 4040: Weak Link (Part 1)

Lotho had many objections, but the more he reflected over Fyrwal’s words, the stupider his arguments sounded even to him. Yet it was the memory of Feela’s severed corpse that sealed the deal.

"You make a fine point. I’ll support your proposal with the Council, but I can’t guarantee it will be accepted or even taken into consideration. You don’t have to convince us plant folk, but the Emperor Beasts.

"They are going to be less receptive to your straightforward oratory and more outraged by your utter disregard for the Council’s traditions. I suggest that when you give them this speech, you choose your words carefully and switch to a more conciliatory tone."

"Damn, you are right." Fyrwal groaned. "It’s exactly the reason I washed my hands of the Council and the Kingdom for the past 700 years. I’m too old for this shit."

"You are welcome." Lotho nodded. "One final warning. Even if you do everything perfectly, you can still fail. There are many who are going to perceive your candidacy as an attempt to climb to the throne while Feela’s corpse is still warm.

"Others will understand your true intentions, but they will still twist them around. Hydras are not liked much these days, and you less than anyone else. For what it’s worth, I’ll back you however I can."

Most of the members of Orpal’s army were plant folk and Fae. It had created a huge scandal in the Awakened community and put the entire plant race under heavy scrutiny.

It was the reason Lotho was unwilling to point fingers at Lith or Fyrwal, hoping they would afford him the same grace. Coming to Lutia to help was also part of his attempt to show that not all Fae were corrupt.

It was also the reason Lotho supported Fyrwal’s candidacy. If she won, it would be partly because of him and ease the criticism against the plant folk. If she failed, the resulting fracture between the Hydras and the rest of the Emperor Beasts would shift the focus from his faction anyway.

"I assume you are not interested in the representative seat, Lith. Correct?" Lotho asked.

"I’m not, thank you. I have too much on my plate to take on even more work." He replied. "Meln and my children are my top priorities, albeit for completely different reasons."

"As it should be." The Treant nodded at Lith and gave a polite bow to Erghak before Warping away to deliver the news to the plant Council.

"What did he mean by, Hydras aren’t liked much?" Lith asked.

"Do you remember when I told you that Hydras are considered among the bottom of the barrel Lesser Dragons?" Faluel replied, the eyes of her heads only Lith could see darted at Ghirslak.

"Sure." The Tiamat nodded.

"It means that our standing in the Council is not high compared with the Original Lesser Divine Beasts like Behemoths and Drakes, and even lower when compared to Almost Divine Beasts like Hippogriffs and Wyverns." Faluel said.

"After the War of the Griffons, however, we climbed straight to the top thanks to Tyris allowing us to add Ufyl to our ranks. The Harmonizer project further consolidated both our position and the grudge that came with it.

"Let me be clear, the other three races have always resented us beasts because we are the only ones who can ascend to Guardians, who in turn can sire an endless number of powerful species.

"The problem is that now all four races begrudge the Hydras for being the only clan with a real shot at bridging the gap between Lesser and full-blooded Divine Beasts.

"Moreover, if my mother takes the representative seat in the Council, everyone else will see it as an attempt of the Hydra clan to increase also its political and military power."

"I see." Lith sighed in relief.

"Why are you sighing in relief?" Fyrwal grunted. "This is a serious matter, Hatchling."

"I’m sorry, I meant no disrespect." Lith raised his hands in apology. "It might sound silly, but I was afraid of being responsible for your predicament as well. No matter what Rizel and the rest of Lutia say, what happened today is my fault."

He took a few breaths of Invigoration to empower his Demons and give them all the strength they needed to clear the city of the debris and repair the houses that had suffered the least damage.

"Oh, it is your fault, Hatchling. At least partly." Fyrwal said, making Lith’s dour expression turn dourer.

"Mom!" Faluel yelled. "That’s very insensitive of you. Lith almost lost his hometown today, and he’s mourning Feela’s sacrifice. Can’t you give him a break?"

"I did. That’s why I said, partly." Fyrwal’s words were met by her daughter’s scornful glare. "What? It’s the truth. You taking in a Divine Beast as your apprentice started everything.

"Lith’s current status, his friend volunteering to become your Harbinger, and now Menadion helping us with the Harmonizers only made everything progressively harder for us Hydras."

The part about Baba Yaga’s and Silverwing’s involvement was still a secret, and so was the chance that the method to achieve Dragonhood developed by the Hydras might work for all Lesser Divine Beasts.

"Mom!"

"I see." Lith nodded, feeling not one bit guilty. "Don’t worry, Faluel. Friya’s choice is her own, and if the other Emperor Beasts envy our friendship, they only have themselves to blame.

"Had they treated me as well as you did, today I’d help them as well. It’s too easy to cry injustice in hindsight after you took all the risks and now finally reap the benefits of your investment."

"That’s an incredibly shallow and opportunistic way to put it, Lith." Faluel snarled at him. "I never saw you as an investment, or I would have exploited the 100 years apprenticeship rule. I helped you because I wanted to."

"I know, and I’m even more grateful for that." Lith replied. "If there’s nothing else, I’ll join my Demons. There is a lot to do."

"The emergency is resolved, and our injured have already recovered. The Wyverns offer their help." Ghirslak said.

"And so do the Hydras." Fyrwal stepped in front of Faluel.

Truth be told, the Hydras had suffered quite a few casualties, and many of them wanted nothing more than go away and grieve. Yet with the Council seat at stake and the Wyverns’ meddling, Fyrwal considered it a competition.

"And the Fire Dragons." Erghak rolled his eyes, his voice oozing unwillingness.

He wasn’t involved in the Council’s politics, but being the only one to bail on his little brother while everyone else offered a hand would have painted the Fire Dragons as cold-hearted jerks.

***

Thanks to the help of so many powerful creatures, it didn’t take long to erase most of the traces of Orpal’s attack. The Awakened spotted the remains of the fallen with Life Vision and restored the corpses as best as they could with Necromancy before returning them to their families.

Tons of debris could be moved at a time by storing them inside dimensional amulets. Healing and tending the survivors was even faster thanks to Invigoration and the Fire Dragons’ massive size.

One of their snacks was enough to feed the entire city, after being properly cooked, of course.