Supreme Magus

Chapter 4292: Hidden Pieces (Part 2)

"One moment." Friya closed the door and made sure that the Hush enchantment of the Ernas’ apartments was at full power. "It’s not a personal matter, but it’s very sensitive, and I’m afraid of how you might react.

"Please, don’t be mad at me. I never meant to deceive you or keep this a secret from you for so long." She gave her parents a deep bow, her voice cracking. "After what happened to Phloria and the Gernoff coming after you, you already had too much on your plate.

"I didn’t want you to-"

"It’s okay, child." Jirni stopped Friya before she burst into tears. "I’m not angry with you, and I promise I won’t hurt you as long as you tell me who you are and where my real daughter is."

The person who looked like Friya froze at those words, while Orion’s eyes flared up with mana to activate Life Vision.

He needed but a glance to notice that even though the life force of the person in front of him was a perfect replica of his daughter’s, down to the Hydra’s blood running through her veins, their energy signatures were different.

"How did you know?" The Friya-thing’s voice became cold, and its eyes reabsorbed the tears. "I have copied your daughter’s appearance down to the smallest details. There should be no way of telling us apart without using mystical means of detection."

The creature straightened up, its expression mildly annoyed at being exposed so quickly.

"Don’t test my patience, child." Jirni opened her hand, and Skywarp appeared in her palm with a threatening screech. "Where is my daughter, and what did you do to her? I won’t ask a third time."

Orion was already holding Grimlock in a two-handed grip and casting his best spells as fast as he could.

"Calm down, Mom!" The door opened again, and this time the real Friya stood behind it, along with several overly attractive people that the Ernas had never met before. "I’m fine, and these people are our allies. They are here to help us."

A quick look with Life Vision confirmed Friya’s identity, yet Jirni didn’t lower her guard until Skywarp Blinked Friya to her side, and Orion’s Forgemastering spells confirmed she wasn’t wearing a slave item of any sort.

"You called them allies." Jirni echoed. "Interesting choice of words. They are not friends you trust, only people who have a common goal with us."

"Seriously, Mom, how did you spot Protheus? I instructed him about what to say and how to act. He’s such a quick learner that after the third rehearsal, it was like looking in a mirror." Friya asked.

Orion moved his eyes from his real daughter to the Doppelganger, and he found no difference between them. The way the light reflected on the elemental streaks in their hair, the shape of their noses and chins, everything was identical as if Friya had found her lost twin.

"Never heard of someone named Protheus." Jirni pondered. "To answer your question, he looks like you, but he doesn’t behave like you. Maybe it’s because of your troubled relationship with your biological mother, Drenya, but when you have to give us big news, you do more than tense up.

"You act ashamed because even after all this time, you are still afraid of disappointing us. Moreover, ever since you discovered that you were pregnant, you move your left hand over your womb whenever you get nervous.

"Your friend Protheus did neither thing. He acted like you do when you speak with your friends, not your parents."

"Interesting." The Doppelganger nodded. "I’ve learned a lot from you. Thank you, Lady Ernas."

"I’ve answered your question, child, now stop fidgeting and answer mine." Jirni looked at the real Friya. "Who are these people and why did you attempt to deceive us?"

"After everything..." Friya realized she was about to repeat Protheus’ words and stopped herself. "Do you promise to listen to me until the end before getting angry?"

"I promise I’ll try." Orion nodded, refusing to put Grimlock away.

"You have my word." Jirni had Skywarp disassemble into a full set of multi-purpose Adamant needles and sat down.

"Mom, Dad, this is Ufyl, the Seven Headed Dragon." Friya pointed at a handsome man over 1,9 meters tall who gave the Ernas a deep bow.

The name alone was enough for Orion to tighten his grip on the blade until his knuckles popped, and Grimlock growled in anger.

"Ufyl. The fucker who carried my Little Flower around after the Mad Queen turned her into the Dragon Knight. The bastard who led my baby girl to her death." His voice was a whisper, but his killing intent raged like a storm.

"You are correct on all accounts, Lord Ernas." Ufyl got down on one knee, offering his neck. "Yet that’s only a fraction of my crimes."

Orion put the blade back into its scabbard, not trusting himself with a sharp object but refusing to do anything until he understood what was happening. His trust for Friya dwarfed his hatred for Thrud’s former general.

"As you know, the Hydra clan, my clan, granted Ufyl mercy and took him in." Friya said.

"Everyone knows that." Jirni threaded her fingers. "He’s the only surviving member of the Mad Queen’s accursed army."

"That’s what everybody believes, but it’s incorrect." Protheus shapeshifted into his human form, taking the appearance of a handsome young man with silver eyes and emerald hair.

"I’m Protheus Griffon, son of Thrud and Jormun, brother of Valeron the Second, Father of all Doppelgangers, and a Divine Beast of her army born from Arthan’s Madness." He revealed his true form for a second, a translucent gelatinous humanoid with no distinctive features but his eyes.

"I’m Leari the Stormborne." A gorgeous blonde woman stepped forward and kneeled beside Ufyl.

"I’m Ophius the Quetzalcoatl." A muscular man taller than the door’s frame said.

One after the other, the nine surviving generals of Thrud’s army introduced themselves.

Orion was too shocked to utter a single word, but Jirni’s calculative mind had already solved the puzzle and was working to find the best way to add those new pieces to the chessboard.

"Ufyl wasn’t the only one to survive the Golden Griffon’s destruction." Friya explained after the Divine Beasts had all come forward. "Leegaain spared all those who belonged to a new bloodline and might help the Lesser offspring of the Guardians to overcome their current limitations.

"Ufyl and the others have helped the Hydras in their endeavor with the Harmonizer and have offered to help us as weregild for what happened to Phloria. They are all Divine Beasts and have reached the bright violet."

"With one exception." Protheus released a bright cyan aura. "I’m the youngest of our family, and despite my perfect body, my mana core needs time to develop properly."

"Nine Divine Beasts." Jirni thought out loud. "Eight of which are dead to the world and with abilities no one bothers to remember."

"That’s why I brought them to you." Friya looked at Orion first and then at her mother. "They can now be your wild card. With their bright violet cores and mass, even once the surprise effect is gone, they can hit the Gernoffs hard.

"They have all been trained by Thrud herself and possess powerful equipment that-"