Supreme Magus

Chapter 4130: Old yet New (Part 1)

"Fighting Verhen right now would just be a waste of time and manpower. Let’s leave him alone unless it’s absolutely necessary and focus on undermining the Dead King’s authority while you grow yours." The Black Throne said.

"I like how you think." Jorl nodded. "Maybe we could also pit them against each other to keep them both in check. I could leak information about missions involving Orpal’s most loyal followers and let Verhen kill them for us."

"I’m glad I didn’t judge you wrong, kid." The Black Throne sounded like a loving grandfather talking to his favorite grandchild. "You have a good head on your shoulders. Let’s do our best to keep it where it is."

***

Jiera continent, ruined city of Tle’ket, a few hours later.

Jorl returned to the headquarters after completing the scouting mission he was supposed to perform near Mirana and coordinating his story with the surviving Upyrs.

The Black Thone had followed them, preparing his best spells on the nearest mana geyser.

’There’s no telling if Verhen has somehow contacted Orpal and forewarned him of my betrayal.’Jorl thought.’He should save such news for a critical moment, but maybe he aims for an immediate advantage.

’If Orpal and I fight, the Dead King will lose his strategist and almost a quarter of his army. Moreover, each side of the Upyr’s civil war has a mage tower, and Verhen could sit down and wait until our conflict betrays our position.

’Even worse, the Upyr recruitment campaign would go down the gutter.’

Flying close to his side, Akhton shared none of his worries.

’A mage tower. I’ve met a real mage tower, and we have a working plan to get rid of Orpal.’He thought.’Once this is over, I must ask the Black Throne to support me. With his help, unifying Verendi under my banner will be much easier.

’More importantly, if the Black Throne becomes my patron, I won’t have to worry about Jorl turning into a new Dead King. I like Jorl, but I’d rather be safe than sorry. I hope he won’t stand in the way of my dream, but if he does, he’ll find me prepared.’

"Remember what to say and most importantly, what not to say." Jorl slowed down as the ramparts of Tle’ket became visible on the horizon. "Orpal is not as stupid as he looks, and Night is just crazy.

"If either of them sees past our cover story, we need to be prepared to run. We have no chance of victory in a direct confrontation. Orpal would kill us all with Moonlight long before the Black Throne reaches us."

When they landed on the fortress’s keep, they found no guards armed to the teeth waiting for them, and the city’s arrays were powered down.

’There’s no trace of Orpal, but this could still be a trap.’Jorl thought.

"Generals Jorl and Akhton, you are late." An Upyr elite soldier said, his voice full of spite. "The Dead King has been waiting for your return, and your report is long overdue.

The Storm Griffon recognized Ethral the Redcap, one of Orpal’s loyalists. He was always aggressive toward Jorl, but this time his belligerent tone sounded ominous.

"Where have you been all this time?" The Dead King welcomed the Storm Griffon and the rebel Upyrs in his throne room with a snarl, making them inwardly sigh in relief.

"How could a scout mission take so long, and how could you get half of your team slaughtered?"

"I was just performing my duty, my liege." Jorl gave Orpal a bow, his tone contrite. "It would have returned to your side sooner if only you trusted me."

"What do you mean?" The Dead King’s poker face as he feigned ignorance about the encounter with the Kingdom’s forces was good enough to increase the Storm Griffon’s worries.

"The tail you put after me, my liege." Jorl replied, and he was happy to see Orpal flinch. "He was so focused on escaping our notice that he triggered one of Mirana’s arrays. The city lord caught him and sent a full squadron of mages after us.

"Your agent exposed our position and compromised our mission. We are lucky to be alive."

"I trust you, Jorl. You are my right-hand man." The Dead King lied through his teeth. "I sent no one after you. It must have been someone overly loyal but poorly skilled who acted without my knowledge, I assure you."

"I want to believe you, my liege, yet I find it hard to." Jorl played the victim in the hope that Orpal would loosen his surveillance long enough to set the board.

"Do as you wish, but don’t let your groundless doubts poison your mind. I’ll hold you responsible for any failure caused by you being overly cautious towards me. Are we clear?" The Dead King grunted, angry that his lies were being questioned.

"Crystal." Jorl frowned.

"Now, let’s forget about this incident." Orpal dismissed the argument with a wave of his hand. "I want your full report. Tell me everything you have discovered and how it should help us in the next phase of our plan."

"As you command, my liege." Jorl replied, his beak imperceptibly curling up into the tiniest of smiles.

***

Baba Yaga listened to Solus’ message when it was already late at night in Lutia, so when she arrived, she found everyone asleep.

"I told you to move that old ass of yours!" Silverwing snarled in annoyance. "Now we are left out of the arrays like beggars."

"And I told you that with another tower on the loose, I won’t take dumb risks!" The Mother snarled back. "I had to warn all my children, pick up Dawn, and then you. Whatever this thing is, maybe one of us can recognize it.

"Also, with two enemy towers at play, we need to be extra cautious."

"Is that why you gave me Sunrise, Mom?" Dawn asked.

"Yes." Baba Yaga nodded. "Don’t you ever go out without it. You are not just Meln’s target anymore. This Jorl might come after you."

"Why would he do that?" Dawn asked.

"To kill you and keep Meln to get his hands on your crystal." The Mother burned with cold fury. "Or maybe to use you as a practice target for his plan to defeat Night. After all, you are weaker than your sister now, and if Jorl can’t beat you, he has no chance against her."

"Your mother is right." Acala held Dawn’s hand. His voice was warm, but his gaze was as hard as steel. "Wake me up when the sun rises. I want to be there in case something happens."

***

Nothing happened during the night, and Baba Yaga contacted Elina as soon as she noticed the curtains of the Mansion being pulled open.

"I’m honored by your call, Lady Yaga." Elina said after deactivating the protective arrays of the tower long enough to let her guests in. "Also, I’m a bit surprised. Why didn’t you contact Solus?"

"Because if she’s anything like I remember Epphy to be, she’s still asleep, and I didn’t want to bother her so early in the morning." The Mother replied. "Is Lith awake?"

"Yes, but Kamila is not." Elina said. "He can’t leave the bed until she wakes up. She gets moody if she doesn’t find him next to her."