Supreme Magus

Chapter 3972: Simple Math (Part 1)

"That remote-controlled meat puppet trick worked with Meln because I created the opening and knew that his killer wouldn’t have the opportunity to check the body." Jirni said.

"I have no confidence in controlling the field against the Gernoff to such a degree. Moreover, if their assassins manage to get close enough, a mere Sealed Space would make the puppet collapse and reveal the ruse.

"There is no trick this time, my love, because tricks don’t work against overwhelming power. As for our pact, it still stands, and I wouldn’t have it any other way."

"Then why do you need my promise?" Orion asked.

"Because I’m the Gernoff’s target, not you." Jirni’s expression and tone remained detached as though she were discussing politics. "Because you are much stronger than I am and can even use Blade Magic.

"Taking you down would require the sacrifice of many violet-cored Gernoff elders. It’s simple math, my beloved. The benefit they would gain from killing you is not worth the cost.

"In the Gernoff’s eyes, you did nothing wrong. They have no grudge against you and would gain nothing from your death. Yet if you push them too hard and inflict too many losses on them with your Blade Spells, the terms of the equation change."

"Are you asking me to hold back?" Orion’s voice became cold, and every muscle in his body became as taut as a bowstring.

"No, I’m asking you to stop fighting the moment they take me down." Jirni returned Orion’s glare, and her tone became clinical. "I’m asking you not to go on a rampage and put your life on the line to chase after my murderers and avenge me.

"If everything fails, the battle must end with me. Push the Gernoff into a corner and they’ll retaliate harder than you can possibly imagine. They will sacrifice their lives to eliminate the threat of the Ernas’ revenge on them."

"So be it!" Orion snarled, his voice and expression brimming with fury. "I’m going to make them regret making me their enemy!"

"The Gernoff won’t regret anything. Even the death of their entire assassin squad would be acceptable collateral damage. The mission will still be a success, and that’s the only thing that matters for those people." The cold finality in Jirni’s voice doused Orion’s wrath like a bucket a water.

"Even worse, your death would pave their way toward their secondary objective: Dripha. With the two of us dead and the arrays of the Ernas Mansion depowered, what chances do our guards have to stop the second assault unit of Gernoff?

"Because believe me, there will be a second assault unit on stand-by, and probably even a third one, lying in wait until all of our cards are revealed and our options exhausted. The answer is none.

"The Gernoff would take Dripha away and turn her into one of their own as compensation for the losses you’ve caused them. Is this what you want, Orion? Leaving our children orphans of both parents and gifting Dripha to our enemies?

"Who will protect our daughters when Meln comes for his revenge? Who’ll look after our grandchildren when another deranged psychopath like Thrud pops out and threatens the Kingdom?"

She waited for an answer, but only strained silence ensued.

"On top of that, my death means nothing in the great scheme of things. The Myrok’s magical legacy is negligible, whereas the Ernas’ is a force to be reckoned with. You have mastered Juria’s spells and all those created by your predecessors.

"I’m just a mediocre mage who can teach nothing to anyone. You, instead, are an Archmage who can teach our children the secrets of the Ernas legacy and shape the Kingdom.

"If I die, our children will grieve, but in time they’ll move on. If you die, the Ernas’ bloodline legacy will endure only in books. I need your promise so that I can fight knowing that Dripha will be safe.

"That our children and grandchildren will be looked after. That you’ll stand guard at our gates and keep the wolves away."

Orion’s gaze softened as he listened to Jirni’s words. From time to time, he looked away from her and at their children. Dripha was not present, but one look at Quylla’s swollen belly brought the echo of her voice to his ears.

There was so much at stake. Too much for Orion to afford the privilege of being stubborn.

"I promise, my love."

***

Jiera continent, ruined city of Talgor, at the same time.

The door to Orpal’s office opened slowly and without a sound, making the two Upyrs standing guard in front of it flinch in surprise.

"At ease." The voice of the Dead King was calm and his expression confident, yet what shocked the two Upyrs the most was the fifth flame orbiting over the crown of his head.

The appearance of the bright red will-o’-wisp wasn’t the only change in Orpal’s appearance. His canine teeth had elongated into long fangs that peeked out of his mouth whenever he spoke, and two black vertical lines crossed his red eyes from scalp to jaw.

"Follow me. I have an announcement to make, and I need everyone to listen." Orpal moved with calm, measured strides without looking back to check if his orders were being executed.

He took his communication amulet out and summoned everyone to the main hall of the fortress, where the ancient rulers of Talgor once held their celebrations.

In the past, it was the only place in the fortress wide enough to host the scores of nobles coming from all the Cerrino region. Now, its three levels could barely contain the thousands of Upyrs of Orpal’s army, and only if they kept a human appearance.

Everyone looked at the empty throne, expecting to find the Dead King sitting there with his usual smug face. Yet the throne was empty, and even Erion, Akhton, and Jorl had no idea what the summons was about.

"I have bad news and I have good news." Orpal’s voice came from above, making everyone turn their heads up towards its source.

’Does he want us to look up to him while he preaches from the sky?’ Jorl thought. ’Has Orpal finally gone mad and now thinks himself a god?’

"The bad news is actually old news." Much to the Storm Griffon’s surprise, Orpal was standing in front of the balustrade of the third floor, among a crowd of shocked Upyrs. "I have failed to tap into any of the aspects that comprise my Vurdalak life force.

"This still means nothing. I want you to remember that my bloodline is new and that I’m still at the deep violet. My life force is still in its infancy. Just like my despised brother, I can still evolve, and you with me.

"There is still plenty of room for improvement, and this is the proof I offer you." Orpal pointed at the red flame above his head, his red eyes, and the black lines that split his face into three.

"As for the good news, allow me to introduce Fire Soul to you." A wave of the Dead King’s hand engulfed the entire room and its occupants with a crimson-red flame.