Supreme Magus

Chapter 3930: Fallen Goddess (Part 1)

’I’m part Warg, so even if I gain a Warg form, I should be fine as long as I keep away from Zelex.’The Suneater was aware of the effect he had on Syrah and the female members of her tribe.

He wished to restore the glory of the Summoner clan and make amends for his past atrocities, not to found a new clan with the Wargs and Hati.

"What do you mean, when?" Lith asked. "I thought you would go home today."

"Yeah, about that." Zoreth wanted to scratch her head in embarrassment, but her two left arms slammed into each other. "I’m sorry for inconveniencing you further, but could you prolong your stay here for a couple more days?"

"It depends." Lith exhaled sharply, and Kamila kicked him from under the table. "What’s this all about?"

"We’ll talk about it after lunch." Both sets of arms went for the same fork and knife, sending the cutlery flying. "Now I need to find a way to bring this delicious food to my mouth or I’ll starve."

***

Zoreth had no spatial awareness for her second set of arms, so she constantly bumped into other people, walls, and furniture. She also lacked coordination, and using any hand without the other one from the second set of arms getting in the way took her a lot of effort.

By the end of the meal, Zoreth’s plates were clean, but she felt exhausted as though she had just come out victorious from a deadly battle. The kids gave her plenty of suggestions and tried to help her, making things much worse.

"The left hand, Auntie." Leria said.

"Your left? My left? And which left hand?" Zoreth replied in frustration.

Lith and Zoreth left the Dining Hall first, moving to the tower via the Warp Mirror to avoid being followed.

"What did you want to talk about?" Lith offered her a chair and something to drink.

"Only tea, please." Zoreth plopped on a comfortable armchair. "I would love a glass of Red Dragon, but after drinking so much just to stay sane, seeing its label makes me want to puke."

"Understandable." Lith nodded, handing her two cups of honeyed tea and four plates of biscuits.

"I know that I am a Dragon and eat a lot, but I’m not Solus. This is a bit too much." She said.

"Is it?" He pointed at her two sets of hands.

Each one held a cup and its saucer without messing with the other.

"Gods, that’s brilliant." Zoreth took a sip of tea from each cup before putting them down on the table. "What about the biscuits? Why four plates instead of two?"

"Pick a biscuit and you tell me." Lith replied.

Zoreth discovered that having different targets allowed her limbs to move independently.

"Fine, you win, Lil Bro." She gave him four thumbs up. "This only confirms my decision."

"Your decision about what?" Lith asked.

"I’m neither blind nor deaf, Lil Bro." Zoreth replied. "I saw you discover your Indech form and heard you and Quylla discussing your research while I was in the tank. I know you have a human aspect too, and I’m sure you know how to use it much better than me.

"I bet that’s the secret of your victory against Ruugat of the Earth." She had watched the recordings of the fight and was certain that the energy wings and the weird powers Lith had employed came from him, not Ryla.

"I won’t insult your intelligence by lying to your face." Lith nodded. "But better doesn’t mean good. I’ve started researching the abilities of my human aspect only recently, and I haven’t learned much."

"You’re still miles ahead of me since I know nothing at all." Zoreth pointed out. "Also, now that you have discovered your human abilities come from your Indech form, things should get easier."

"I hope so." Lith nodded. "But what does this have to do with you?"

Zoreth shared her struggles and Baba Yaga’s theory about her life forces with him.

"If you return to the Kingdom, Baba Yaga will have no reason to stay, and I’ll be stuck in my hybrid form." She said. "If you remain in the Desert, however, we can work together on our human forms, and Baba Yaga will keep helping me.

"I know this is a shameless request, but I need you to teach me everything you can about your human powers. We belong to different species, but we still share some similarities." She pointed at her four eyes and the runic pattern on her arms.

"Maybe our eyes work the same way, and so do your wings and my arms. Even if they don’t, maybe I can still learn a few things from you. I’ve never had bloodline abilities as a human, and I don’t even know where to start studying them."

Zoreth looked in Lith’s eyes and found compassion in them, but also a healthy dose of prudence.

"Please, help me. I wouldn’t ask you so much if I had any other choice. I don’t care much about gaining new powers. I just want to learn how to shapeshift into my humanoid form and use it to stabilize my life forces."

"Fine." Lith nodded. "You taught me everything you knew about Origin Flames back when I had nothing to offer you, and I’m more than happy to return the favor. Yet I have a few conditions."

"Name them and I’ll see what I can do." Zoreth replied.

"You are not the only person in the Organization who has human bloodline abilities, correct?" Lith asked, and Zoreth nodded for him to continue. "I remember that when we went to Verendi together, you already knew about human evolution and told me the Master had extensively researched it.

"I know he works on monsters, so I’m willing to bet that someone among the hybrids is fused with a Balor. Do you deny it?"

"No." Zoreth wrung her hands. She was just confirming what Lith already suspected, but it felt like betrayal anyway. "Kigan is a Phoenix-Balor hybrid."

"It makes sense." Lith said. "A red eye should work wonders with his Origin Flames, and the scattered mana core of a Balor should lessen the rejection with the black core."

Actually, all Balor eyes worked wonders with the Origin Flame,s and the black eye complemented Kigan’s Dark Phoenix powers, but that wasn’t for Zoreth to share.

"What does this have to do with my request?" She asked.

"That I’m agreeing to teach you, Big Sis. Not Kigan. Not the Master. Just you." Lith replied. "I don’t know how similar their powers are to mine, but I have no reason to help them."

"I thought you and the Master were good friends." Zoreth’s heart tightened at his words.

"We are, but we also hide many things from each other." Lith said, and when Zoreth remained silent, he took it as confirmation of his suspicions. "If the Master wants my help, he can ask for it like you are doing now.

"I’m not asking you to lie to him or to forbid him from studying your life force. The Master is your Healer, ally, and most importantly, your family. He has every right to study your current condition."