Supreme Magus

Chapter 4259: Precious Life (Part 1)

"It would protect my secrets, give my family the advantage of surprise in case of another attack on my family, and avoid unnecessary attention." Lith said.

"Once the witnesses to the kidnapping start telling their stories, there is no way to keep Aran’s and Leria’s situation a secret, but at the same time, it will make the lie about Falco easy to believe.

"What’s a small child flying compared to all that?"

"That’s a great idea." King Meron nodded. "I don’t want you to be pestered by nobles more than I want to be pestered by the Royals Forgemasters who are bound to want to take a peek at your creation.

"Is there anything else we can help you with, Magus Verhen?" The Royals had many questions for their Supreme Magus, but they all required the finesse of politics and his cooperation.

They could tell how angry Lith was, and pouring oil on an already blazing inferno would only make scorched earth around the Royals.

’It can wait.’Sylpha said via their mind link.’As long as Verhen lives in the Kingdom, we can always ask him about the real potential of his bloodline or discuss the terms of his army of beasts.

’If we push him too far at the wrong moment, he will walk out on us and move to another country. The only thing that prolonging this discussion would achieve is to teach our enemies what mistakes they have to avoid once Verhen joins their side.’

Even the most powerful ancient noble households of the Kingdom were forbidden from having an army, yet the attack in Lutia had proven that Lith had five of them. The matter was as pressing as it was delicate since no law mentioned beasts, only humans.

The Royals expected the nobles to cry injustice for Lith’s seemingly unfair privilege, even though he acted within legality. Telling a wolf not to eat chicken was an endeavor as foolish as it sounded.

Beasts didn’t care for human laws, and trying to enforce them in the wild would demand countless resources and produce only corpses as a result. The Royals needed Lith’s cooperation to find a middle ground or at least a plausible justification.

Yet as the Queen pointed out, it would have to wait.

"There is one thing, Your Majesties, and it’s as important for me as my own family." Lith then told them about Ryman Fastarrow’s true identity and how his children had put their lives on the line to save Teryon and Falco, exposing their true nature in the process.

’There is no point in keeping the secret.’Lith thought.’The Royals aren’t stupid, and the Lutians won’t take long putting two and two together.’

He glossed over the part about Ryman and Protector the Skoll being the same person. The Royals believed him to have died on the day of Balkor’s attack, and explaining the truth would have been pointlessly complicated.

Lith introduced Ryman as another of Faluel’s apprentices and the same Emperor Beast who had helped Lith to protect Zantia against the Forbidden Magic spell, Fool’s Gold.

"So, it’s him." Meron turned to look at Tyris, who nodded. "He’s already a benefactor of the Kingdom, and Lady Tyris honorably mentioned him in the official archives already. We’ll gladly explain the circumstances of the attack on your family and praise Lilia and Leran.

"They will have no trouble from us, but I’m afraid the Lutians might not share our enthusiasm about such brave and selfless youths. The Fastarrows will be protected under our laws, but fear and ignorance are things even a King is helpless about."

"Thanks, Your Majesty. That’s more than enough for me." Lith gave the King a polite nod. "Please, along with the praises, point out that attacking them will be punished by the authorities.

"It will discourage all those with a brain in their head and something to lose. I’ll deal with those who have neither. Personally."

***

After ending the conversation with the Royals, Lith returned to the living room of the Mansion.

"If you don’t need me, Lith, I’d go." Faluel put Surin in the crib. "I have lots of things to do, and my turf won’t look after itself."

"Thanks for everything you did, Professor Faluel." He gave her a deep bow. "I still have a few things to take care of, but as soon as this situation is resolved, I’d like to offer you a reward."

"Stop thanking me, and no thanks." Faluel shrugged. "If you have money to waste on me, spend it to improve the security of your family."

"It’s not money or resources I’m thinking about." Lith shook his head. "Also, it’s part of a bigger plan that would help me ensure that no one ever dares try to kidnap anyone ever again."

"I see." She pondered. "A reward that works as a deterrent. Two birds with one stone."

"Exactly." Lith replied. "A threat doesn’t hold much weight unless you give it substance. Please, keep your communication amulet available. My mother might need you soon."

"I will." Faluel had no idea what his words meant, but didn’t ask him questions.

’He’ll tell me when he’s ready.’She thought.’Also, Lith might not know how to reward me yet. It’s not like him to be so vague.’

Everyone spent the night in their room in the tower, with only a few exceptions.

Faluel had brought Friya with her to study her new condition, Orion and Jirni stayed in the Mansion because they didn’t know about the tower, and the Fastarrows slept in the Infirmary.

Quylla had offered to take Protector out of the crystal tank and move him to his bed, but Selia had refused.

"He hasn’t woken up yet." She had said. "We’ll let him rest for as long as he needs. We can wait."

Protector regained his senses in the middle of the night, and the sight of his family forming a protective circle of cots around him moved him. He slept until sunrise, welcoming his wife and children with Vexal’s oven-fresh pastries and a smile.

The weather mages’ forecast proved accurate, and the first sunny morning in weeks waited for the Verhens when they woke up.

Rest and the safety of the Mansion did wonders for the Verhens. The events of the previous day already seemed a week old. For those like Falco who had stood their ground, they looked like a bad dream.

Only Lenart showed no sign of recovery. He was always silent, with his head down and his shoulders slouched. Teryon and Falco too didn’t make a peep the whole breakfast.

Lenart’s phantom pain infected them like a disease, and his absence in mind and spirit made the trio’s usual lively tune not worth playing.

When the rest of the children left to play in the park, the young boy remained in the living room, emitting several deep sighs before finding the strength to approach his parents.

"Mom, Dad, can you help me with something?" Lenart said without raising his eyes from his feet.

"Of course, sweetie. What is it?" Rena asked, glad to see that her son still trusted her despite her colossal failure to protect him.

"I also need Uncle Lith." The boy replied. "Can you please call him?"