Supreme Magus

Chapter 4317: Not That Different (Part 1)

"Wrong? Should the eagle or the wolf starve to death not to hurt the lamb? Should the lamb starve to death not to hurt the grass?" Protector asked, and Leran shook his head in reply.

"Son, as you know, I started as a simple wolf and went all the way to Awakening. I killed hundreds of animals, Abominations, humans, and even a few mad Rys. Do you think I ever regret it?

"The answer is no. If I didn’t hunt, my pack would starve. If I didn’t put down newborn Abominations, they would have destroyed the Trawn Woods. If I didn’t kill those Rys, they would have killed me and started a war against the other kings.

"The reason magical beasts experience remorse differently from humans is that we have no home, law, or protection aside from what we make. In the wilds, hesitation kills, Leran. If you think about it, human society is not that different."

"What do you mean?" He asked.

"Do you remember when the undead attacked our house? Or when Meln ambushed you and your friends?" Protector asked, and Leran nodded. "Uncle Lith exterminated the undead, and Mister Vastor got rid of the bad people that wanted to hurt you, but that doesn’t make them bad men."

"Once someone is bent on hurting you, there is no space for dialogue. You can only fight back or be their victim."

"Your father is right." Selia saw the doubts on Leran’s face and chimed in. "I don’t think less of Crash for protecting your sister from those Awakened, and I don’t blame you for what you did.

"You were trying to save the lives of our friends, Leran. I’m so proud of you and your sister that I could fly. Yet you two also scared me so much that you are grounded until the day you get yourselves a job or enroll in an academy."

The young boy looked his mother in the eyes and saw she wasn’t joking.

"What I’m trying to say, Leran, is that as a Skoll you’ll never feel guilty for defending yourself or your loved ones." Protector said. "The pack comes first, then you, and then everybody else.

"Without the pack, you are alone against a hostile world. Without you, the pack is a colder, darker place. Only when you and your pack are safe can you afford mercy for your enemies.

"It’s a cruel concept for a kid, something I hoped you wouldn’t have to learn until much later in your life." Ryman gently caressed his son’s head. "I’m sorry you have to go through this much suffering at such a young age, Leran.

"I’m sorry that part of your internal turmoil comes from the blood you have inherited from me. Yet I’m not sorry about what you did. What we did. You already know it because I was with you while you fought that bad man."

"I don’t blame you for what you did either, Dad. You were just trying to save my life." Leran nodded.

He remembered his father’s fear for his children’s safety, and the burning fury that matched Leran’s as they fought together to stop the people who had taken Teryon away.

Leran had felt but an echo of the pain Ryman had suffered for taking upon himself the wounds of his children, and only after returning to his family had the boy understood the extent of his father’s sacrifice.

On the one hand, the depth of Protector’s love moved Leran. On the other hand, the realization that his father had almost died for him exacerbated the young boy’s guilt.

"For what is worth, Emperor Beasts and humans are not that different, son." Ryman said. "When it comes to protecting their loved ones, parents act the same way, no matter their race. Ask your mother."

"Mom?" Leran turned to Selia.

"Well, sweetie, if I were half as strong as Uncle Lith and those bad people were after you and your siblings..." Her warm expression twisted into a mask of unbridled rage, and her eyes became cold. "I would have stopped at nothing to ensure they would never threaten you again."

Selia kept vague on purpose not to scare her son, but her enchanted knife appeared in her clenched hand, speaking volumes of the means she was willing to employ and the lengths she would go to get the job done.

"So, when the moment comes, and you have to choose your life force, don’t be too harsh on your dad." She said, putting the knife away as soon as she noticed her slip of the mind.

"He’s the reason you are still here, and I don’t care one bit about what he does as long as he keeps you and your siblings safe. I’m human, but I’m also a mother, and I have my priorities straight.

"Gods, I still can’t believe I’ve almost lost you and your sister!" Selia hugged Leran tight, checking him for injuries for the umpteenth time as warm tears streaked down her face and dropped on his head.

"I’m fine, Mom. I swear." Leran didn’t need to ask what Slash would have done since she was about to kill the Awakened when Leran had beaten her to it. "Thank you. I feel better now."

"What do you say if we go back to sleep now, sweetie?" Selia asked.

"Sure, Mom, but what about Slash?" The boy finally noticed how long it had been since the Geri had left the room. "What if someone attacked her on the way back from the bathroom?"

"Nah, don’t worry." Slash took those questions as her cue and walked through the door while holding a steaming tray. "I was a bit hungry and went for a midnight snack. Here’s your serving."

"Steak and roasted potatoes are not a snack." Selia grumbled, but so did her stomach at the delicious smell that wafted to her nose.

"Thanks! I’m hungry too!" Leran’s stomach roared in approval.

All those emotions had worked him quite an appetite. He jumped off the bed and rushed to the room’s coffee table that Slash had already set for him. Ryman and Selia too would have loved to have a bite, but they didn’t want to take their son’s food.

"Don’t worry, I didn’t forget about you." She took two breakfast trays out of her dimensional amulet.

"That’s very kind of you." Protector took a bite of the juicy meat first and then of the crispy potatoes.

"Not really." Slash shrugged. "I’ve raided Lith’s pantry."

"Don’t we all?" Selia replied in between mouthfuls. "If he notices something, let’s blame this on Fluffy. The fatass always tries to cheat on his diet."

"Poor Fluffy." Leran snorted a laugh since he had his mouth full.

That night, Leran slept a bit better. His conscience was still troubled by his actions, but expressing his fears to his parents and receiving their unconditional love lightened the heavy burden he carried.

***

"Who raided the pantry last night?" Lith asked during breakfast.

Fluffly swallowed hard and hid his snout in his bowl, hoping to go unnoticed.

"Whoever it was, I remind you that I have a surveillance system. If you don’t come forward now and wait for me to check the recordings, you’re going to be in big trouble."