Supreme Magus

Chapter 3952: Second Place (Part 1)

"We’re going to verify if the changes in our life forces are instant or if there’s a delay between us." Faluel said. "Also, we need to check if you experience the same degree of physical alterations as me.

"It could be greater because your life force is smaller, or it could be lesser because you’re not a full Hydra."

"And since no Hydra ever had a Harbinger or a chance to become a Dragon, there’s only one way to know." Friya pointed at the small tank connected to the various arrays that drew strength from the mana geyser below their feet.

"Correct." Ajatar nodded. "Do you want to get in now, or do you need a few minutes to collect yourself?"

"I need more than a few minutes. I need Nalrond. I can’t decide this on my own." Friya said, and the two Lesser Wyrms exchanged a worried look. "What?"

"Is he trustworthy?" Ajatar asked. "This lab is not something we shared with anyone else. Not even Fyrwal knows about this place."

"Of course, Nalrond is trustworthy. It’s one of the many reasons I want to marry him. Besides, he knew about the tower, Solus, and a lot more things long before you did, Ajatar." Friya grunted. "Also, why didn’t you tell Fyrwal?"

"Dragon greed." Faluel replied. "Ours and everyone else’s."

"What does that mean?" Friya asked.

"As far as we know, Ajatar and I are the only ones who have figured out the Drakes’ advantage over the other Lesser descendants of Leegaain." Faluel explained. "The other Hydras don’t know about this, and neither do the other Drakes.

"Ajatar has been allowed to participate in our research because I vouched for him. Everyone else in his clan and mine is still in the dark. As for my mother, if I shared what we discovered with her, she wouldn’t give a damn about your pregnancy and achieve Dragonhood while I’m forced to wait for you to give birth!"

"The rest of my bloodline would do the same, and I’m not letting anyone get their dirty, scaly hands on my discovery! I invited Ajatar! I ironed out all the problems of this procedure! It’s all mine! Mine! Mine! Mine!"

The outrage in her mentor’s voice made it clear to Friya that Hydras were on par with their progenitors when it came to greed.

"You mean ours." Ajatar cleared his throat. "I played quite an important role from start to finish. Like when I shared my discoveries with you."

"Gods, I’m so sorry!" Faluel’s face remained bright red, but shame replaced anger. "I got carried over. This is your achievement as much as mine. This is our project."

"Glad we are clear about that." The Drake nodded. "I agree with Faluel on everything. I worked my scaly tail off too much to allow any runt or old coot to steal my prize. I told no one about this project because I trust no one."

"That’s sad." Friya replied, making Ajatar’s eyes twitch in annoyance. "Can I call Nalrond now?"

"Sure." Faluel said. "Make him follow the same procedure you used to get here."

"And tell him to bring Morok along." Ajatar crossed his arms. "Since we are involving strangers, I might as well bring in someone I trust and brag with him about my success."

The Agni and the Tyrant arrived a few minutes later and were both brought up to speed with a mind link.

Their reactions, however, couldn’t have been more different.

"This is great news, Master Ajatar." Morok gave him a quick high five and a down low, failing on the too slow. "You deserve to be the second Drake to achieve Dragonhood."

"The second?" The twitching in Ajatar’s eyes intensified.

"Well, yeah. Leegaain did it first. Just because it happened a long time ago doesn’t reset the score, which makes you second." Morok’s reasoning was as accurate as hurtful for the Drake’s pride.

"This is reckless, dangerous, and stupid." Nalrond snarled. "And not just once, but thrice. Once for every life you are putting at risk."

"I know." Friya nodded. "That’s why I wanted to inform you myself and discuss this with you before doing anything."

"What’s the point of discussing if you’ve already made up your mind?" Nalrond moved his hands behind his back to hide the tension in his knuckles.

"I’ve yet to agree to anything. I can change your mind, or I yours." Friya said.

"Fine." Nalrond took a deep breath to calm down. "I understand Faluel’s reasoning, and I knew something like this could happen long before we started dating. My objection is simple.

"Why now? Why can’t you do this eight months from now? I understand it’s a huge sacrifice I’m asking you, Faluel, but your species has waited millennia to become Dragons. What’s the harm in waiting a bit longer?"

’Gods, it’s my first mile in Kamila’s shoes and it already hurts.’He thought, finding it absurd to have to involve a third person in a decision that would determine the future of his relationship.

The Hydra’s and Friya’s eyes shone with prismatic mana for a while before they answered.

’Great. Now I get the secret conversation too.’Nalrond thought.

"Waiting is not a problem." Friya replied. "If it were up to us, we wouldn’t do anything until the twins are born."

’And here comes the "we". This keeps getting better.’The Agni internally screamed.

"Yet the decision is out of our hands, Nalrond. You know that the Gernoff might attack my mother at any moment. That Meln is after me and my parents. He already tried to kill my mother and Quylla once.

"You know it’s only a matter of time before Meln or one of his goons takes a shot at me."

The Agni clenched his teeth but nodded for her to continue.

"I’m not going to spend the next eight months hiding in a deep hole, and neither is Faluel. If someone goes after us, my parents, or my brothers, I won’t sit and cry in a corner, hoping that someone else saves them.

"Faluel and I are going to fight, and we might get hurt. If that happens, we need to be prepared for the worst."

Nalrond said nothing, rubbing his chin while he racked his brain for an alternative.

"Give me a minute. I need to think." He started to pace along the edges of the lab, getting calmer with each step he took.

He considered the situation and the problems that came with Friya’s status as a Harbinger from different angles, but found no solution.

’I can’t even tell her to move to the Desert until she gives birth.’He thought.’It would protect Friya, not Faluel. Even worse, Faluel can’t relinquish her duties as a regional lord for so long without losing her status.

’She has to lead the Hand of Fate when it’s her turn, and those missions are dangerous. If she gets hurt in the line of duty, Friya and the babies will suffer no matter the distance or how safe their hideout is.’

"You are right. There is no other solution." Nalrond walked back in front of the two women, taking Friya’s hands into his own. "Just please, be careful, Solus."

"Solus?" Faluel echoed in confusion.

"Lith, Solus, Kamila." He pointed to Friya, the Hydra, and himself.