Supreme Magus

Chapter 4179: Tezka’s Warning (Part 2)

Narchat will be dead before you perfect your technique, but that won’t make it any less dangerous."

"That’s food for thought." Fyrwal inwardly thanked the gods for the Harmonizer project being late compared to the rise of the Dead King. "What would your solution be?"

"The same as the Master’s." Tezka’s gaze steeled, and his voice became cold. "Power can’t be granted to anyone because only a few, like Lith, can wield it wisely. You should be as selective as the Master is in choosing your candidates, Fyrwal.

"In your case, however, I recommend excluding people like me from all future trials and not involving them in any step of your research. Be careful, or before you know it, you’ll have contributed to the rise of the next Arthan."

The Elder Hydra wanted to counter Tezka’s elitist argument, but she found no argument that wouldn’t sound stupid or childishly naïve.

"I never thought the day would come when an Eldritch would lecture us about the danger of powerful and cruel creatures going unchecked." Menadion joined them, saving the Suneater from looking for her next. "He has a point, though."

"Thank you, Ruler Menadion." Tezka gave her a shallow bow. "I’ve always been a huge fan of your work. I’m sorry for not coming to visit you sooner, but I assumed you needed time and quiet to adapt to the modern Kingdom."

Actually, he didn’t care much about Menadion. Bytra had already managed to replicate and improve many pieces of the Set, and Tezka believed it was only a matter of time before she completed the rest.

The only achievement of the First Ruler of the Flames that the Fourth couldn’t match was her tower, but Tezka doubted Menadion would ever give such a secret away.

"I did, and I thank you for your consideration, Magus Tezka." Menadion gave him a curtsy. "Your admiration is reciprocated, by the way. You’ve been a huge inspiration to me in creating the Ears.

"Too bad I never cracked the secret of the dimensional crystals. Do you mind giving me a practical demonstration as a courtesy from a Magus to another?" She fluttered her eyelashes, trying to act innocent as she had the tower sensory systems focus on the Suneater.

"Of course I do." Tezka snorted. "I wasn’t born yesterday, Ruler Menadion. I know about your talent and your Eyes. Even if you don’t currently have the means to craft another Set, I’m willing to bet you still have your Forgemastering spells.

"I’m not so stupid that I’d let you study my technique and then take your time to reproduce it. Why do you think I’m wearing clothes instead of my armor?" Starforge confirmed that Tezka’s suit was just threads and fabric.

The only enchantments it possessed were those that made it fit its wearer and kept it clean and ironed.

"Still, nice try." Tezka laughed as Menadion pouted like a child who had been denied a sweet treat.

***

The gala ended soon after midnight, just the time for everyone to wish Lith a happy birthday and say their goodbyes before leaving.

The party had been exhausting, but Lith had accomplished all of his goals. He had reminded everyone in the Kingdom of his value as the Supreme Magus, kept Elfiam’s and Carl’s memory alive, and destroyed the morale of Orpal’s troops.

With the Kingdom’s exclusive on tier five Void Magic, the army of Upyr would soon have to face a powerful and unknown weapon. Also, by displaying the powers of his other six eyes, Lith had fooled everyone into thinking that a Vurdalak was much worse than an Indech.

While Orpal and his Upyr struggled every day to discover the power of a single Corrupted Flame, an Indech’s eyes could apparently be activated with ease.

It was much more complicated than that, and Lith would have never achieved so much without Ryla’s guidance, but he had conveniently left that part out.

The second birthday party with his family went without a hitch. Everybody woke up later than usual due to the fatigue from the gala, but otherwise they had a pleasant morning.

Lith spent it with his family and friends, pausing his magical research for the day. Elysia and Valeron loved the snow, and loved the toy castles and weapons he had prepared for the gala even more.

"What the heck?" Lith said when the mock battle between Valeron’s snow fortress and Elysia’s escalated into a small-scale brawl between snow academies. "Who taught them to do that?"

The kids had assimilated Lith’s enchantments into snow golems that they used to turn the friendly scuffle into close-quarter combat.

"Me!" Manohar the Second, Shargein, and Marth said.

The two children brimmed with pride and enthusiasm, while the poor Headmaster looked dejected and remorseful.

"It’s all my fault." He sighed. "Back when Narchat’s Upyrs attacked my academy, I received the order to activate the White Knight, and I didn’t evacuate Dhiral first. He saw everything, and you can easily guess the rest."

He pointed at the human-sized academy replicas dishing out soft punches and snow projectiles shaped as spells.

Meanwhile, Shargein and Manohar the Second discussed their project to create a real golem with real enchantments to serve as their own suit of armor and compensate for their weak bodies.

"No, you don’t!" Ryssa grabbed the baby boy when he mentioned procuring enchanted metals for the blades. "I’ve let you do this because I thought you were working on a toy, not a weapon!"

"But Mom!" Dhiral tried to object, but a finger pointed to his nose stopped him in his tracks.

"No buts!" Ryssa replied. "No weapons. Ever. Did I make myself clear?"

"Yes, Mom." The baby boy sighed.

"Shargein?" Leegaain asked.

"Yes, Dad?" The Wyrmling wagged his tail in excitement.

"No." The Guardian replied. "Just no."

Shargein chirped, whined, and rolled on his belly, but nothing worked. His father kept staring at him with a level gaze.

"Okay." The Wyrmling lowered his head.

"That’s my boy." Leegaain lifted Shargein from the ground and put him on his lap while he read. "And, Shargein?"