Supreme Magus

Chapter 2397 Deep Scars (Part 1)

“No. As soon as Nyka is done, we are going to Zeska.” Solus replied.

“Yes, it’s one of the cities Lith and I stormed in the attempt to rescue Phloria. It’s the reason we are going there. I want to see how things are and make up for the destruction we caused. I owe it to all the people I’ve killed.”

“I never said that this is a vacation.” Solus shook her head. “This is a trip to learn who I am and what I want. The first step to do that is to take responsibility for what I did and face the consequences.”

“Because we carry our respective burdens in different ways.” Solus replied. “This is my choice and my opportunity to find relief from my sense of guilt without making his own worse.

“If I brought him to Zeska with me, the pain would overwhelm him. He can’t forgive himself for failing to save Phloria nor for butchering so many people.”

“At least I didn’t kill Phloria. I wasn’t there when she died. Her blood is not on my hands. Despite our bond, that’s a pain we don’t share and one of the reasons I couldn’t take this trip with Lith.” Solus replied.

It would take much more time than Dawn could give them.

Baba Yaga Warped everyone back to Lightkeep before they got too used to sunlight.

Then, she took Dawn’s prisms out of their bodies and returned them to the Horseman, restoring her full strength.

The Firstborns left Lightkeep one after the other, their faces filled with sadness while they watched the prisms disappear inside the white crystal. Becoming a Chosen of the Bright Day did more than allow an undead to walk under sunlight.

Without the need to feed on what had been the source of their obsession in life, they could almost forget the tragic events that had brought them to become undead and that their condition was supposed to help them overcome.

“Yes. Why?” Solus replied.

The hut Warped from geyser to geyser, preserving Solus’ strength and covering the distance with their destination in a matter of minutes. Baba Yaga stopped in an isolated clearing far away enough from Zeska to escape the patrols’ notice.

“That’s up to you, sister.” The Maiden snorted. “As far as I know, you are now free from your duty and I got myself an amulet just to talk with you. Whenever you want, I’m just a call away and so is Lochra. Don’t forget about her as well. Goodbye.”

“Let me get this straight. You are a cursed object akin to a Horseman who hasn’t been made by Mother yet she knows and respects you to the point that she has forbidden me to hurt you in any way.

‘You and your big mouth, Malyshka!’ Solus inwardly cursed.

“Sorry about that.” Nyka scratched her head in embarrassment. “She caught me by surprise. I’m still new to this host gig. Let’s go.”

Most of the battlements were broken and several cracks of different sizes were open along the entire length of the walls. The Orichalcum studded steel doors that once sealed the gates had been replaced by thin wooden boards that could barely keep the wind out.

“What in Valeron’s name happened here?” Solus donned her Great Mage robe and showed her ID to the guards.

Her name was repeated over and over along with her call sign, making her fear the worst.

Then, the guard kneeled and brought Solus’ hand to his lips.

“Thank you so much, Lady Verhen. You saved my life. My unit had been tasked with a suicide mission when you put an end to the war.” The guard said.

“If not for you, my hometown would have been destroyed.” Another guard kneeled at her feet, grabbing the hem of her robe and kissing it. “The frontlines kept moving forward and Thrud’s army was about to invade us.”