Supreme Magus

Chapter 3768: New Powers (Part 1)

The Eyes of Menadion read the flow of world energy and spotted a rift in the arrays of the Lark mansion that departed from its central building. Just like they had done for the Vastor and Distar households, the Upyrs had broken through the main door.

Frost Soul kept the damaged portion of the magical formations from self-repairing and allowed the Upyrs to move unimpeded in the areas they had already breached.

’Incoming!’A Dryad-Upyr alerted his companions via a mind link, and together they raised an emerald dome that would keep the enemy at bay.

’On my mark.’Lith said as Tista slowly rose to her full height as a Hekate.’Mark!’

The siblings hurled a blast of Origin Flames each, one was bright violet, while the other was violet. Yet both changed color when they met, turning into a raging river of Primordial Flames multiple sizes bigger than the two original streams.

The white fire hit the Spirit Barrier, halting its course for a split second before burning through the mana and moving on to those who emitted it. The Primordial Flames ran across the tendrils of mana fueling the barrier and spread to the Upyrs, setting them ablaze.

’Again!’Lith switched from a horizontal to a vertical position, using his wings like a parachute to slow down abruptly and throw his friends off like cannonballs.

Tista jumped off his back and spread her wings as well, hurling a second blast of violet flames. With the barrier down, Lith doused the Upyrs with the Primordial Flames. The mystic fire lacked the power to kill so many Upyrs at the same time, but had more than enough to get their attention.

The Upyrs stopped hammering at the Lark Household to defend themselves, giving the arrays precious respite.

At the same time, Friya, Bodya, and Nalrond used the momentum from the launch to strike viciously with blades and spells, disrupting the enemy formation.

Morok was too light to fight a Divine Beast in close-quarters combat, and too many of his abilities would have been crippled if the Upyrs activated Frost Soul.

He kept himself to the sky and threw his hammers and spells from a safe distance.

Protector did none of the above. He landed with the grace of a butterfly and sprinted past the Upyrs without dealing a single blow to go unnoticed.

Everyone was too busy looking at the sky to worry about a small wolf running on the ground.

’Lith, I think we have a problem.’Solus joined Morok, throwing her hammer in the mix and activating the Furies’ Flight enchantment to draw the enemy’s attention with the nine copies of her Fury.’We were outnumbered one to five with Protector.

’Without him, we are outnumbered one to six!’She used the Monocle only to pinpoint the different energy signatures surrounding the Lark estate, both above and below the ground.

Fae and some species of Emperor Beasts, like the Rezars, could freely swim through the ground. Just because one couldn’t see them, it didn’t mean they weren’t there.

The Monocle counted over forty energy signatures outside the mansion, and there were more inside, but the thick layers of arrays blurred the reading.

’Yeah, I know.’Lith nodded.’And we have no idea how many Upyrs Protector has to deal with. Let’s hit them hard and fast. Hold nothing back. Our secrets will be safe as long as we leave no one alive!’

Solus’ scan had confirmed there was no clone of Orpal around to gather information. Without a clone, Lith had no reason to hold back and took his Golems, Trouble, and Raptor, out of his pocket dimension.

’Time to test these babies, then.’Tista’s armor, Ishka’s Honor, was a rough, stretched mess when compared to her battle claws, Firefang.

Lith had done his best with what he had, but the young Fire Dragon’s corpse was still over four meters (14’) shorter than the Hecate and had only one tail. Lith could only stretch and thin the corpse so much until the protection it offered became negligible.

It was the reason only one of Tista’s tails was encased by the armor, and Ishka’s Honor had a raggedy look.

Firefang, instead, was the product of the most skilled blacksmiths and Forgemasters among the Fire Dragons. On top of that, by recycling Sunder’s materials, the Fire Dragons had all the Adamant they needed.

Tista had tested Firefang during her spars against Dawn and mastered their enchantments.

’Congratulations, Tista.’Morok said.’You got twins as well?’

’Yes.’She referred to the set of battle claws.’I mean, no! That’s not funny!’

’What’s not funny?’Morok asked in confusion.

’Please, avoid using that term in the presence of our friends.’Bodya sighed as the Hekate burst into flames from embarrassment.

’Shut up and come here!’Tista took a deep breath, carrying the world energy from her lungs into her heart and then into her wings.

The flaming red feathers turned black on the first set of wings and white on the second. Morok chose the Blight Flames as his Queen’s Blessing, and so did Friya. Nalrond and Bodya, instead, charged at the Void Flames.

’Remember what I’ve taught you about Meln’s bloodline abilities.’Lith warned everyone.’Especially about Frost Soul’s weak point.’

’Copy that.’The others replied in unison.

Bodya used his bloodline ability to dive into the solid ground as if it were a lake.

Nalrond curled up into a ball and threw himself at one of the Upyrs like a living meteor. Not only was his body engulfed in a heat ray, but it was also followed by countless hard-light constructs.

Friya shapeshifted her body into her Harbinger form under her armor, gaining thick protective green scales and six extra heads. Faluel had crafted the armor to disguise the six heads as decorations that also served as nozzles.

Friya dived down behind Nalrond, her descent much slower and less flashy.

As for Morok, he kept himself in the air, harrying the enemy with spells and hammers from above. Lith stood right beside the Tyrant, hurling a twin burst of Noxious and Nether Flames to secure his allies’ landing.

’I’m ready when you are.’Solus said, and the Tiamat threw her like a fastball in reply.

’Verhen must have gone insane.’Zaga the Treant smirked.’Throwing a human at a Divine Beast is like sending a lamb to the slaughter. That little woman can’t-’

Solus crashed into the Fae-Upyr like a Davross bullet, breaking past his armor and blasting him into splinters. She already weighed as much as the tower, and Gravity Fusion kicked things up a notch.

Her hammer being made of Davross and her Voidwalker armor being comprised of a Davross-Adamant alloy only made things much worse.

Fae had incredible regenerative abilities, and Zaga’s wounds were already healing when Solus’ vision cleared up, but it was too late. The impact had exposed the Treant’s Root, and she smashed it mercilessly.

’I don’t know what that is, but I’m not going to take the blow.’Nalrond’s target wasn’t so confident in her skills, so she tried to dodge the Agni.

Nalrond switched the position of the heat ray propelling his flight and changed his course accordingly, following the Upyr’s movements like a homing missile.