Supreme Magus

Chapter 4056: Free Will (Part 1)

"If Jorl has become an Upyr, he threw away your legacy and tainted our bloodline. Whatever he has become, it can’t be allowed to spread." Rethia said. "We’ll take him down, whether you ask for it or not."

"So be it." Tyris nodded. "Just be careful. Jorl won’t be alone nor unprepared."

"Neither will we. Rethia out." The Wind Griffon hung up the call, leaving Tyris and her guest alone.

"I’m really sorry this happened to you, Lady Tyris, but I don’t see why you brought me here." Ileza the Bastet, Guardian of Life of Verendi, said.

"To give you a glimpse of your future and the opportunity to take action before it’s too late." Tyris replied.

"How does an empty cave threaten my country?" Ileza waved at Jorl’s vacant nest.

"According to the reports, there was also a Bastet among the Upyr troops that ravaged Lutia." Tyris said. "I thought you should know about it."

"I thank you for your consideration, but I’d rather deal with the countless wars that ravage Verendi, the Organization, and rebuilding my Awakened Council ." The Bastet shrugged. "One alleged wayward child is hardly a reason to summon a fellow Guardian."

"Really?" The Griffon raised a brow in annoyance. "Then let me spell this out for you. Jorl has never been a warmonger. He’s a petulant child who just wanted everything handed to him on a silver platter.

"Now, he can escape my detection and move inside my turf unimpeded. He has most likely joined a madman and wrought destruction upon lands against which he held no grudge.

"He killed or contributed to kill thousands of innocents to pursue a plan that isn’t his own." She paused to let her words sink in.

"The Bastet who appeared in Lutia talked quite a bit before almost killing two Council representatives." Tyris said. "He has a huge chip on his shoulder with Verendi’s Council and his own race.

"He has expressed in clear terms his desire for revenge and his outrage about your turf’s current state of affairs. What do you think such a person will do once he’s done with the Griffon Kingdom?"

"Order and chaos!" Ileza took a step back as if she had been slapped. "Assuming you are right, he’ll invade Verendi with the Dead King’s help and slaughter anyone who stands in his way.

"He’ll conquer the mortal and Awakened societies, and maybe even seek to beat the Bastet race into submission."

"And don’t forget the part where you won’t be able to find him and his army until it’s too late." Tyris nodded. "Since we are already here, I won’t mince words with you. You owe me, Ileza.

"First, you let those idiots of your Council plan an attack on Elysia Verhen. It’s a serious offence against me by itself, but the fact that you are the current Council representative for Verendi’s Guardians makes it even worse.

"Then, when I came down to fix your mess and teach your Council a long overdue lesson in discipline, you dared try to stop me. Now, another of your children has waltzed into my home and acts as he pleases. I’m not happy, Ileza. I’m not happy at all."

"Another?" The Baste echoed.

"The first is Theseus." Tyris’ voice was low, but every word she spoke was crystal clear. "The same one who joined the Master’s legion of Eldritches and contributed to your capture.

"The second one, the Upyr, will do much worse if given the chance. I would start thinking of something if I were you. Your country is nowhere as strong as mine, and you have no Verhen."

"This goes against everything you taught me about free will!" Ileza said while weighing the danger of her direct intervention against that of her inaction. "I can’t sentence to death one of my children for what he might do.

"What if he seeks redemption like Theseus? What-"

"Not interested." A wave of Tyris’ hand banished Ileza back to Verendi. "As you said, I taught you about free will. I gave you the knowledge. What you do with it is none of my problem."

***

Lutia, Verhen House, a few hours later.

"You are not angry with Lith." Friya scowled at Nalrond. "Why are you not angry?"

"Why should I?" He shrugged. "He’s giving us a beautiful location for our marriage, ensuring the safety of your parents so that we can enjoy ourselves without worries, and he even takes the heat off me.

"I’m all for marrying you, but the idea of being surrounded by a bunch of nobles and interrogated like a criminal because of my humble origin is not my idea of fun. Once Lith reveals his Indech form, no one will care about a silly Agni. Everybody wins."

"When you put it like this, I can understand your point of view, but my problem remains." Friya sighed. "The day of our marriage is supposed to be about me, not Lith!"

"I thought it was supposed to be about us." Nalrond furrowed his brows. "Unless, of course, this is*your*marriage and I’m just a prop."

"It is about us!" Friya blushed in embarrassment. "I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it like that."

"Then, please, also think about me when you plan*our*big day." He replied. "Think about how awkward it will be for me whenever we have to entertain your guests, people I’ve never met and know nothing about.

"Also, think about your parents. Without Lith’s scheme, they’d spend the rest of the evening being grilled by their so-called friends about their prolonged leave and the reason the marriage doesn’t take place in the Ernas Household.

"I’m sure they know how to handle themselves, but I doubt it would make the party pleasant for them. This way, instead of being forced to deny the rumors that claim the Ernas are not safe in their own home, they can pass for gracious friends.

"They ’sacrifice’ a part of their daughter’s special day to allow the Supreme Magus of the Kingdom to bring luster to his household and deal a huge blow to Meln’s ego. We know that’s not true, but that’s how your mother will spin it."

Friya opened her mouth to reply, but no word came out. The more she thought about it, the more it made sense.

"I must say, our sons-in-law turned out much better than I expected." It was one of those rare moments when Jirni didn’t mind one of her schemes being exposed. "Morok is amazing with children, and Nalrond has a knack for politics."

"I agree, dear." Orion replied. "It reassures me that even if something bad happens to us, we’ll leave our daughters in good hands."

"Don’t you dare say that, Dad!" Quylla almost choked on her triple hot chocolate with cookies. "Think of Dripha."

"It’s exactly what I’m doing, Little One." He said. "I’m proud of you, and I trust you and your husband with your little sister."

Knowing how much Orion disliked Morok and loved his newborn daughter, that was the highest praise he could give the Tyrant.

Quylla put the cup down before clinging to her father and bawling her eyes out as if he had entrusted her with his last will.