Supreme Magus

Chapter 4385: True Colors (Part 1)

"What I’m trying to say is that Osyan got fed up with being the only one without a good memory or story about his parents to share and told everyone a sweetened version of how you two met.

"He made no mention of your memory loss or anything that might damage your public reputation, but his story is problematic anyway. Osyan claimed to have spoken with you twice, which is true, but also that you are friends.

"Half of the foster kids believe him, but the other half has called Osyan’s bluff. His birthday is in a few days, and they dared him to prove his words by having you attend. I want to be clear, Osyan never asked me to contact you.

"He wants to keep you out of it, but I can see how badly this is affecting him. Osyan knows that when his birthday arrives and you don’t show up, those who never believed him will call him a liar.

"Even worse, he will lose the trust of his foster siblings who had his back and find himself isolated. Once a brand like that sticks, the kids won’t believe anything he says. Osyan will become a pariah, and that might affect his recovery.

"This is the end of my report. Rhami Ahsol out."

"This is awkward." Lith said a few seconds after the message ended.

"Why awkward? It’s just a birthday." Solus replied. "All you have to do is show up, give Osyan a gift, and then claim there is some secret mission that requires your attention. It’s more than enough to make the kids die of envy."

"Only if Osyan doesn’t die of fear first, Solus." Lith frowned. "I’m the root of his trauma. He saw what I did to his parents and remembers what the Void told him. If his rage towards me is gone and he’s getting better, seeing me might ruin any progress he made."

"I know, but not seeing you wouldn’t do much better." Solus sighed. "You know how kids are. They would never let Osyan hear the end of it. He might be even forced to move to another foster home, and it would only be a matter of time before the same problem arises."

***

Nestrar Region, City of Zeska, Rivenfall foster home, a few days later.

"Happy birthday, Osyan!" Mirika, a blonde girl, said while hugging him. "You’re seven now, just like me."

"Thanks, Mirika." Oshek returned the embrace with a smile that didn’t extend to his eyes.

He felt guilty for his deceit, and the more fiercely his friends defended him, the stupider he felt.

’Me and my big mouth.’He inwardly cursed.’All I had to do was shut up and listen while the others told their stories around the fireplace. Heck, I could have even made up a few good memories with my... parents, and everyone would have believed me as long as I didn’t make it too cheesy.’

Just recalling his parents’ faces was enough to send a cold shiver down Osyan’s spine, but the idea of painting them in a good light made him retch.

"Happy birthday indeed." Usul, a tall boy about thirteen years old, said with a mocking smile. "Today Osyan’s best friend, the Supreme Magus of the Kingdom, will honor us with his presence.

"Unless Osyan is a liar and Magus Verhen doesn’t even know he exists, of course. Time will tell, Osyan. Tick, tock."

"Don’t start this again, Usul. Not today." Geldrid Rivenfall, a plump middle-aged woman with a kind face, said.

"I didn’t start it, Geldrid." The tall boy snorted. "Our resident Liar Magus did. I’m finishing it."

"Kids, listen to your mother." Tessor Rivenfall stopped setting the table for breakfast and gave the boy a stern look.

"She’s not my mother." Usul hissed under his breath, and a couple of older kids nodded at the remark.

"I heard you, boy, and I don’t allow you to talk about my wife like that." His voice was calm and measured, to inspire respect without fear. "You are free not to consider us your parents, but we are not your servants either.

"I expect you to treat us with respect and courtesy."

He needed to teach discipline to the many troubled children entrusted to his care, but he and Geldrid knew how frail any of their kids were despite their tough appearance.

A single threat to make them skip breakfast or a too harsh tone would make them feel unsafe and shatter whatever trust the couple had managed to build.

No matter whom they punished, the rest of the children would be afraid of being next and feel like prisoners rather than members of the family.

"I’m sorry, Geldrid. I’m sorry, Tessor." Usul meant those words, but his voice came out harsh and insincere.

He was torn between the desire to be better than his birth parents and the fear of being thrown out of the foster home as soon as he became of age. He was afraid of what might happen when the Kingdom stopped paying the couple for their services, and they’d be free to show their true colors.

It was the fear of being abandoned again that kept the older foster children from letting their guard down. They couldn’t stop wondering whether they were truly part of the Rivenfall house or just paying guests.

Birthdays marked the passing of the time they had left before learning the truth about their condition, and cranked the tension in the home to eleven.

"That apology sucks, boy." Tessor said. "You should thank the gods it’s Osyan’s birthday, or I wouldn’t let you off so easily."

"Whatever." Usul crossed his arms and leaned against the wall.

Breakfast was delicious, but Osyan couldn’t enjoy it. Half of his foster siblings asked him when Lith would arrive, and the other half did the same with as much sarcasm as their foster parents’ stern gaze allowed.

’It’s over for me.’He needed sheer willpower to hold back the tears. ’I ruined everything. I can only hope that when Rhami comes for her scheduled visit, she’ll help me find an excuse. My friends won’t doubt an adult’s word.’

He spent every break from his morning lessons trying to come up with the briefest and most compelling argument he could use to convince Rhami. If they talked for too long, someone might overhear them, and every chance to save a shred of face would be lost.

Osyan was so tense that when he heard a knock on the door, he yelped:

"I’m sorry!" As soon as he regained his cool, he realized that everyone was staring at him in confusion. "To interrupt the lesson. I need to go to the bathroom."

His attempt to recover from his blunder bought him a few minutes, but only because he ran to the restroom before anyone could ask him any question.

’Miss Ahsol is early.’Geldrid thought.’She wasn’t supposed to come for at least another hour. Maybe she’s come to check if we are preparing something special for Osyan’s birthday as we promised.

’I’ve heard a lot of horror stories about foster families that pretend to forget celebrating their kids to pocket the Kingdom’s money for party and gifts, but I expected Miss Ahsol to trust us at this point.’