Supreme Magus

Chapter 4433: Throwing the Bait (Part 1)

’The rest of the time I’d rather be at home and keep an eye on everyone. They might need my help if the Gernoffs show their faces.’Solus said.

’It’s been a long time since you’ve been without a body. Are you sure you are going to be alright?’Lith asked.

’I’ll be fine, silly.’She replied, moved by his care.’Now I’m a stone ring because I want to, not because I have to. This is my choice, and it makes a world of difference.’

The group left the Mansion as soon as Jirni and Orion were done with Body Sculpting. Jirni’s alias was over 5 centimeters (2") taller, but Jirni settled in Sokra’s shoes better with every step she took.

Orion, instead, was now almost 10 centimeters shorter (4"), and he found it awkward looking at the world from that perspective. His movements were stiff and clumsy, perfect for an insecure rookie tasked with shadowing his idol.

"Gods, this is awful." He grumbled. "How can Solus live in a body this small?"

"Solus is just 1.54 meters (5’1") tall, dear, while you are now 1.86 (6’1"). You are far from short." Jirni replied. "Besides, if you consider her small, what am I? A goblin?"

"The cutest goblin on Mogar." He replied with a wink.

"Nice save. Now go back in your character." Jirni’s expression tensed into that of a young Assistant Constable assigned to a case that could make or end her career.

Between Kamila’s tight relationship with an Archon and Lith’s status as the first Supreme Magus in the Kingdom’s history, even a simple mission like that was the opportunity of a lifetime for someone like Ytana Sokra.

They walked through the Mansion’s Warp Gate and arrived at their destination, the city of Verka. Jirni had chosen Esha County as the starting point of the investigation because of the presence of a Warp Gate.

It allowed them to move quickly and call for more Constables at a moment’s notice. Kamila would need them if the investigation revealed the involvement of a noble household or a merchant guild.

Awakened or not, she and Lith were just two people and couldn’t search entire buildings efficiently while also keeping the suspects from destroying incriminating evidence.

When they emerged on the other side, at the local branch of the Mage Association, all activity stopped, and the room fell silent enough to hear the labored breath of an old merchant.

The stroller appeared first, and the sight of two toddlers with six elemental streaks was akin to a fanfare announcing who came next. Much to everyone’s surprise, Kamila stepped through the Gate, letting the mages sigh in relief.

Lith emerged a split second later, cutting the sigh short and covering those present in a nervous sweat. Jirni and Orion, or rather, Sokra and Trairen, were two steps behind him, but no one noticed them.

The pristine white wings wrapped around the white and gold Magus robe drew the eyes of those who witnessed Lith’s entrance like the apparition of the ghost of the First King.

"Magus Verhen, what a pleasant surprise." A plump middle-aged man with only half of his head still covered by black hair said. "I’m Great Mage Hormak, and I’m in charge of Verka’s branch. How can I be of assistance?"

Hormak wasn’t the sharpest tool in the shed, or he wouldn’t have been relegated to a dead-end position in the middle of nowhere, but even he knew that something was wrong. The uniforms the Verhen couple wore told him that it was no leisure trip.

"It’s a pleasure to meet you, Great Mage Hormak. I’m Royal Constable Kamila Verhen on His Majesty’s service." Kamila replied. "I need to speak with Count Barla, the regent of Esha, but I’m not familiar with Verka. Where can we find his estate?"

"We?" Kamila’s introduction was enough to unsettle Hormak, but the mention of Lith’s involvement made the plump man stutter. "I mean, it’s a bit far, but I can bring you there quickly, if you allow me."

"Please, do." Kamila nodded.

"It will be my honor." Hormak hadn’t recited the chant for a Warp Steps so fast since his days as a student at the Earth Griffon. "I’m sorry for the inconvenience, but Verka got its Gate only ten years ago, and the Barla family has ruled over Esha for almost a hundred years.

"They couldn’t relocate their ancestral mansion and lose the history and tradition it represents."

"Don’t worry, I understand." Lith replied. "It’s the same thing in Lustria with the Larks."

’This would be a great opportunity to get acquainted with Verhen and pull my career out of the rut.’Hormak inwardly whined.’Yet as long as I have to chant spells, I can’t talk. Stupid high-tier magic!’

A cyan-cored mage like Hormak could only cover about ten kilometers (6.2 miles) with each Steps, and the Barla estate was hundreds of kilometers away from Verka.

Soon he was out of breath and mana, yet there was still a long way to go.

"I’m sorry. I overestimated my strength." He said amid pants. "The Barla estate is in that direction. You can’t miss it."

’I beg to differ.’Solus said.’His finger trembles so much that I can’t pinpoint an accurate trajectory even with the Watchtower.’

’Don’t waste your energy. There are better methods.’Lith replied.

"Thanks, but my companions can’t fly, and the sight of a flying Divine Beast would make the good people of Esha panic for no reason. Also, we can use a guide." He said out loud.

"Then I need a minute of rest." Hormak wheezed as he finally noticed the plain Assistant Constable and the unremarkable Knight Guard. "Maybe an hour."

"I’m sorry, but my wife is on a mission, and she can’t wait that long." A wave of Lith’s hand conjured the family car version of the DoLorean. "You just need to point me in the right direction."

’Gods, I’m such a moron!’ Hormak inwardly cursed. ’How could I forget about the Dolmen? I could have spent this time talking instead of chanting. Maybe at this point I could have even gotten the opportunity to exchange contact runes.’

The Great Mage sat in the passenger seat while the rest of the group sat in the back of the car. Lith brought the DoLorean to a high altitude before moving forward.

"Just go towards those hills, Magus Vehren." Hormak said. "I must say, the Dolmen is everything I heard and more. You are a genius."

"Thanks, but it’s called DoLorean." Lith replied, making the Great Mage add his bad memory to the list of his grievances with life. "I’m glad you feel comfortable. Usually, people get scared, and I have to go slow until they calm down. This will save us some time."

"This is slow?" Hormak estimated they were travelling around his own flight top speed, so when Lith moved the lever from the third to the fourth notch, the Great Mage felt his stomach jump in his throat.

"Is this still the right way?" Lith asked, ignoring the sudden pallor of his guide.

"A bit more to the left." Hormak whimpered. "When we get close, you should notice a paved road large enough for a stagecoach."