Supreme Magus

Chapter 4349: Prodigal Daughter (Part 1)

’If Tezka cripples my host, my strength will be halved, and if he shatters my real body, I’ll lose the connection with the Severed Sky array.’The Ring of Space thought as she could barely keep up with the Suneater’s attacks.

’Either way, the magical formation will fade. If Verhen and his friends step in, we’ll have no hope of victory. The Severed Sky array that was supposed to be my strongest sword is now the shield that keeps me alive.’

"You guessed it right. I’ve been crafted a long time ago by a member of the Summoner Clan." She actually said. "By your great-great-granddaughter, Taresia, to be precise."

Salanoth had the runes that coated the Davross ring become visible to the naked eye, and Tezka flinched at the vision. Despite the passing of untold millennia, he still remembered every one of the thousands of runes he had passed down to his children.

They were part of the bloodline legacy of his family and unknown to the rest of the Summoner clan, so their presence on the cursed ring’s surface corroborated her story.

Surprise didn’t stay Tezka’s hand, nor did it spoil his aim. The Suneater pressed forward even harder than before and unleashed a tier three Chaos Spell, Howling Void, at Salanoth’s.

She inwardly cursed the Suneater and hastily tapped into the Severed Sky formation to conjure a Blink that brought her to safety.

"Your stubbornness did more than force the Summoner Clan into exodus, Tezka the Hero. It also brought them to the verge of extinction." She said without ever stopping to move away as the Fylgja resumed the chase.

"Their enemies exploited your demise and the weakness of the Summoner Clan to persecute and harass them. Running away saved them from you, but dozens of Fylgjas died every day to keep the clan’s secrets and younglings safe from the greed of the Awakened Council."

She had just completed the phrase that Tezka was already upon her. Salanoth managed to block the incoming lunge and the strikes that followed by a hair’s breadth and only by foregoing every chance to counter.

"The hate of the Summoner Clan’s members for you grew with each day they spent on the run and each friend, lover, and relative they lost in battle. Yet nobody hated you more than your own family!"

One of Tezka’s tails nailed her host’s foot to the ground, and Salanoth cut it off to keep escaping.

"Your direct descendants were still the clan heads, bearing the responsibility of keeping the clan alive and the weight of your crimes! Even after all you did, the Fylgjas trusted your blood, Tezka the Suneater, and didn’t blame your offspring for what you did.

"Yet our people kept dying, and soon all hope was lost. It was then that Taresia, the last living member of your family, decided that if survival were impossible, then revenge would have to do.

"She claimed there was no point in delaying the inevitable, and that if the Summoner Clan had to go extinct anyway, it was better to give a purpose to their death through the use of Forbidden Magic.

"The elders of the clan agreed with her, and soon what was left of the clan submitted to their judgment out of desperation.

"The Fylgjas stopped running and devoted their lives down to their last second to my creation, sacrificing the captured enemies for their experiments. I, Salanoth, the Ring of Space, am all that’s left of the Summoner Clan.

"You can’t blame me for my actions because I was created to hunt you down and kill you. Even with all my power, I can’t escape the programming that was forced onto me when Taresia completed the Forbidden Ritual.

"You can hate me, Tezka the Suneater, but know that killing me is no different than exterminating the Summoner Clan with your own hands again. You are the reason our people lost their home.

"Your vaunted dimensional magic made them targets for all those who coveted the secrets of your legacy. Everything I did is your fault. If there’s a shred of Tezka the Hero left in you, you should face your retribution with honor and let me kill you."

Salanoth held no hope that Tezka would sit there and offer his neck to her. She was just trying to buy her allies enough time to recover from their wounds. She needed their help to kill Tezka and break the last chain that bound the Ring of Space to her maker.

’If I fail to kill him now and he escapes, I’ll never get another chance like this. Tezka survived and countered the spells that Taresia crafted to defeat him, even though he never knew of my existence, and I caught him by surprise.

’Now that he knows who I am and what I can do, he’ll never step inside an enclosed space like this alone.’Salanoth thought.’If he turns out to be strong enough to defeat us, I can only hope he believes my lies and Warps me away out of guilt.

’I can’t run away because of Taresia’s orders, but if Tezka sends me far enough away, the kill protocol will become inactive again. At that point, Jorl and Orpal can go fuck themselves with a harpoon for all I care.

’I’ll run away somewhere nobody has even heard Tezka’s name and stay there until either of us dies.’

The Ring of Space’s story held only a kernel of truth.

She had indeed been created by a Fylgja called Taresia, who was also Tezka’s direct descendant, but that was it. Taresia had never become the Summoner Clan’s leader, nor had the Clan ever been persecuted like that.

After abandoning their ancestral home to escape the newborn Tezka Abomination’s clutches, the Fylgjas had freely bartered their knowledge of dimensional magic in exchange for protection.

Then, they had moved in secret from one region to another until they had reached the Blood Desert and set sail for Zima. Even diminished, even without Tezka the Hero, the Summoner Clan was a force to reckon with.

Moreover, the rest of the Awakened community needed time to study and understand dimensional magic.

The Fylgjas had carefully left small but relevant details out of their teachings, ensuring that no one could master dimensional magic and become a threat to them before they established a new home for themselves.

Taresia had been born much later, when the Summoner Clan had already occupied one of the most flourishing regions of Zima and had gotten used to the traditions of their new country.

She was a genius, self-Awakened Fylgja, but to those who had known Tezka and received his guidance, she was nothing much.

Once Taresia had earned herself a seat in the clan council, she had become obsessed with surpassing her ancestor’s might and restoring the Summoner Clan to the highest seat among the Awakened bloodlines.

She had the will and the ambition, but lacked the wisdom and talent to achieve her goals. Once Taresia reached adulthood, her admiration for Tezka degenerated into bitter envy.

After a few decades of relentless practice and no magical breakthrough, envy was joined by resentment and, a couple of centuries later, by hatred.