Supreme Magus

Chapter 4296: Family Duty (Part 2)

"Once the triplets start going to school and Leria leaves for the Academy, maybe I’ll become more serious about magic. Until then, however, I’ll be content with being able to heal everyone and not freeze in panic the moment an Awakened releases their aura.

"Running toward my little brother and sister is a much better option, and I trust you to protect me." Rena left out one of the reasons she wanted to Awaken because it embarrassed her.

’If I don’t Awaken, sooner or later I will look older than Mom, and people will take me for her mother, if not even grandmother. That’s one blow my pride could never recover from.’

"Don’t worry, Big Sis!" Aran puffed his chest out with pride. "You can always count on me."

"Thanks, Aran." Senton didn’t point out the misunderstanding to protect the boy’s self-image as a protector. "As for me, I’m with Rena. My father and I have poured our sweat and tears into the Proudhammer Works, and we have many employees who depend on us to provide for their families.

"If I quit now in the pursuit of magic, the business would take a hit, and Dad would have to come out of retirement until he finds and trains my replacement. I have a duty towards my family, but I also have a duty towards my father and employees.

"Besides, not everyone has to be a warrior. By making the Proudhammer Works thrive, I’m creating a business that my children can inherit and making Lutia a better place for them.

"I’ll fight my own way. Like a blacksmith and a merchant."

"Well said, son!" Zekell laughed without even bothering to hide how happy he was at the news. "I toast to that!"

"Hear, hear!" Lith raised his glass, soon followed by the rest of the family.

"Not so fast!" Falco jumped from his seat.

"Yeah, what about us?" Teryon asked, turning towards Lenart.

"Why don’t you ask us what we want to do?" He mumbled, asking the question because he was expected to, not because he cared.

"Because I already know the answer." Lith tutted. "Besides, you don’t know the first thing about magic and are too young to start even basic training. If you want to Awaken, do like your oldest sister and uncle and achieve it on your own."

Aran was as proud of being called an uncle as Leria was annoyed. Everyone had to call her the oldest, or Teryon would act as if they were talking about her, claiming to be the oldest among the triplets.

"But, Uncle Lith, this way we’ll be the only non-Awakened in the family!" Teryon objected.

"Yeah, even Dad is Awakening!" Falco pointed out.

"What do you mean, even Dad?" Rena interjected, closing the circle instead of Lenart. "Show more respect toward your father, Falco Proudhammer, or my slipper will give your buttocks the Awakening of a lifetime!"

The triplets whined and apologized, hiding behind Zekell for good measure.

She had never hit the triplets their whole life, but they knew that whenever she used their full names, they were in trouble. When she grabbed the slipper, like at that moment, they were in great trouble.

The triplets had no desire to discover what happened when they crossed that line.

"No Awakening for you, and that’s final." Lith shook his head. "When you become five or reach the yellow core, I’ll teach you magic as I’ve done for Aran and Leria. The rest is up to you."

Falco, Lenart, and Teryon sighed in relief at those words, but only because Rena put down the slipper.

"That said, I haven’t forgotten about my other promise." Lith continued. "You are almost four, and after what happened, you deserve to bond with a magical beast early. As soon as we’re done with lunch, I’ll introduce you to the four clans of the Trawn Woods."

"Yes!" Teryon cheered.

"Finally!" Falco clenched his fists in triumph.

"Victory!" Fenrir said, drawing all eyes on her. "What? I’m older than them. If the triplets get a magical beast, I get one too, right?"

"Oh, gods." Selia raked her hair at the thought of another mouth to feed, more fur to clean around the house, and more damage to her furniture.

"Right, pumpkin." Protector nodded. "You are a big girl now."

"Yay!" Fenrir raised her arms and plate. "Seconds, please. I’m still hungry!"

"Oh, gods." Selia closed her eyes and joined her hands in prayer as her youngest child ate almost as much as an adult.

"Dad, why does Mom become devout during the meals?" Lilia asked in confusion.

"Yeah, Uncle Leegaain is right there. She can talk to him anytime." Leran said.

"I’ll explain it to you when you are older." Ryman sighed.

He knew his wife’s pain all too well, but couldn’t let Fenrir be the only one left out of the group of children.

Between his work and the reward for discovering the threat of the Black Throne, Protector had put aside quite a nest egg, but feeding five Emperor Beasts and two magical beasts cost a lot of money.

Adding another would make the clock tick even faster.

The triplets wolfed down their food like Fastarrows, eager to meet their potential steeds. Fenrir ate so much that Selia feared the day when her family wouldn’t be guests of the Verhens anymore.

Elina noticed her friend’s distress, but pretended not to. She remembered how being afraid of not having enough money to feed her children felt, and nothing she could say could help the huntress in her predicament.

"Now that I think about it, how is your appetite, Solus?" She asked.

"I beg your pardon?" Solus almost choked on her third serving of dessert.

"You’ve become a Divine Beast, yet I noticed you eat the same amount of food as before." Elina stood up to caress Solus’ head. "You don’t have to go hungry or hide in your tower to eat to your heart’s content.

"We are your family, and you should never be ashamed to be yourself in front of us."

"Thanks, Mom." Solus became beet red and cleaned her mouth in embarrassment.

Weirdly enough, she spoke while staring at Menadion like a puppy afraid of being scolded. The First Ruler of the Flames raised an eyebrow and granted her daughter’s silent plea.

Menadion knew that ever since Solus had become a Divine Beast, her appetite had barely increased. The tower side, which was now part of her life force, fed upon world energy and raw materials that the human and Divine Beast aspects converted into nutrients.

Just like before her breakthrough, Solus ate mostly out of gluttony. She used her newfound Divine Beast status as a cover to avoid being the target of more jokes, and Elina’s words made her feel guilty for deceiving her family and making them worry.

After lunch, Lith brought everyone to the fringes of the Trawn Woods with the Mansion and called the leaders of the five tribes of magical beasts.

Rys, Shyfs, Gylads, and Byks were the original rulers of the woods, but after Irtu’s fall, a flock of Crons had moved to Trawn, slowly expanding their area of influence. Byks and Crons competed to produce an Emperor Beast and claim the title of the missing fourth king of the woods for years.