Supreme Magus

Chapter 4038: Bloodlines at War (Part 1)

"I’m going to rebuild Lutia just as it was. The Dead King struck us down today, but he hasn’t killed us. Lith said.

"When the Dead King comes back, because he will, I want him to find Lutia thriving and all of us ready to kick his sorry ass in an early grave. I want him to realize that, despite his newfound powers, he failed once again.

"He came here, strutting around Lutia, thinking this would be his victory parade, yet he was sent running. He forgot that Lutia has its Supreme Magus and with him allies and protectors."

Lith pointed at the Hydras that herded the humans to the city plaza, at the Wyverns patrolling the skies, and the Fire Dragons cleansing the land from the Upyrs’ corrupted blood with Primal Spark.

Suddenly, the Lutians felt small, and awe filled their hearts.

In the chaos of battle, the only difference that mattered was ally or enemy. In the silence of the aftermath, the Lutians realized that they stood in the presence of legendary creatures that even the protagonists of their favorite bedtime stories could only dream about.

"I won’t downplay your pain or losses. If you no longer feel safe in Lutia, you are free to leave. I will still compensate you for what the Dead King has taken from you. I won’t leave you empty-handed just because you don’t share my vision."

Many started to sob out of joy, even kneeling and joining their hands in praise to the gods.

"Take your time. Don’t rush your judgment. Whatever decision you make, be sure you won’t come to regret it in the future." Lith conjured more and more Demons by the second.

Even as he spoke, they cleaned the streets of the blood and carried the bodies of the fallen to the Mage Association to be identified. The Demons also fixed the non-critically damaged houses as best as they could with earth magic and erected temporary buildings so that no one would have to spend the night in the open.

"Thanks, Lith." Rizel was the first to walk to him while the rest of the Lutians still stared at the Divine Beasts and marvels of magic in awe. "It means a lot to me. Now I can leave with a less heavy heart."

"Leave?" Lith echoed. "And go where? This is your home. You can be my honored guest for as long as you need. I can have your house rebuilt in a few days."

"Thanks for your offer, but I won’t change my mind." Rizel needed to sit down. He hadn’t suffered a single injury, yet there was little strength left in his body. "I know you don’t want Orp-, I mean, Meln to win, but I’ve lost everything.

"The Lutians hate me, my parents are dead, and I’ll never feel safe in my house ever again. My father died there, Lith, and I watched my mother bleed and cry while I could do nothing.

"No amount of gold or nice words will ever change that. I need a new house. A new place where I can live without Meln’s shadow laughing at me. More importantly, I have to find Lukah. I need to warn him of the danger he’s in."

"Where is your little brother?" Lith asked. "It’s the only information I need to bring you to him."

"I wish I knew." Rizel sighed. "The last time I heard from Lukah, he was working as an apprentice for a travelling merchant. I know where to start looking thanks to the last letter he sent, but I have no idea of his whereabouts."

"Do you need help?" Lith asked. "Is there anything I can do?"

"I could use the money you just promised." Rizel lowered his eyes in shame, feeling like a beggar. "I can’t wait for the bureaucrats in Valeron, and the sooner I depart, the faster I can find Lukah.

"With me gone, Meln will have one less reason to attack Lutia, and the Lutians won’t have to hold their temper every time we meet. Everybody wins."

"If this is what you want." Lith handed Rizel a small bag of gold worth more than Bromann’s house and a year’s worth of father’s and son’s salary combined. "Yet I insist you take this."

Lith also took a communication amulet out of his pocket dimension, to which he added his rune.

"Your Tablet won’t work away from Lutia. Call me in case you get in trouble, you spot one of Meln’s goons, or you and your brother just need anything. Lukah is your family, but this is my battle as well."

Rizel’s expression shifted from shame to gratitude for a few seconds before settling for resignation.

"Thanks. One day, I’ll pay you back." He said.

"I’m sure you will." Lith nodded, gesturing to one of the Association’s clerks to approach them. "Give this man a change of clothes and Warp him wherever he wants without telling anyone.

"The Dead King might have spies, and I’m not taking any chances. I’ll take full responsibility."

The clerk hesitated for a second before giving Lith a deep bow, walking away with Rizel. There were only a few doors that the white and gold uniform of the Supreme Magus couldn’t open, and they were all in the Royal Castle of Valeron.

Once Rizel disappeared behind the door of the Mage Association, Lith checked in with Faluel, Zoreth, Ghirslak, and Erghak.

"Thank you for everything you have done today." Lith gave them a deep bow, especially to the Wyvern Patriarch, who had no reason to be there outside his Council duty.

"Please, don’t thank me." Faluel sighed, and so did Ajatar and Fyrwal. "I’m sorry for failing you. You warned me this would happen. I had plenty of time to prepare, yet Narchat bested me.

"You are my apprentice, and Distar is my region. Protecting Lutia is my duty. I would have done it even if you didn’t ask me."

"I don’t deserve your gratitude either, Little Brother." The Shadow Dragon shapeshifted into her human form. "You granted me so many blessings. You entrusted your home to me, and I wasn’t up to even one of Meln’s loser goons."

"That’s absurd." Lith dismissed the idea with a sweep of his hand. "I’ve defeated plenty of Upyrs already. I refuse to believe one of them could give someone as strong as you a run for her money."

"That guy had Narchat’s help, but that’s no justification." Zoreth shook her head. "There are no rules in war, and if not for Ghirslak, I don’t know what might have happened to me. I’m in your debt, Patriarch."

"Don’t mention it." The Wyvern kept his Emperor Beast form, but also his head low enough to meet everyone else’s eyes, not to look down on them. "You are Valtak’s last disciple, and that’s more than enough for me."

"That said, my opponent was strong and skilled." Zoreth said, nodding at Ghirslak in gratitude. "He was nothing like those other knock-off Divine Beasts that Narchat unleashed on Lutia."

"That thing overpowered one of Thrud’s Generals and survived against me. That’s not something anyone can do."

"That’s not because you are lacking something, Little Sister, that Upyr was just that strong." Ghirslak replied. "Under the black hide, there was a real Divine Beast. A Storm Griffon."