Supreme Magus

Chapter 4279: The Path Ahead (Part 1)

"Can’t you consider tuning up Dreamweaver as a maintenance job for an old client?" Fyrwal asked. "Maybe you could do it without Lith’s help, Ripha. You still have access to your tower, and your skills have improved."

"Yeah, too bad that I lack a proper mana core and the assistants to do the job." Menadion replied. "I would still need Lith’s assistance and people."

"Don’t worry, I get it." The Elder Hydra raised her hands. "You have to excuse me, then. I’d better play my part and join the hunt."

Fyrwal Warped away, leaving Lith and his friends behind.

***

The news about Faluel’s Blade Weapon and Lith’s conditions for Forgemastering others spread like wildfire. All those who were actively plotting against the Verhens left Garlen in such a rush that they didn’t have the time to collect all their possession.

Awakened, Emperor Beasts, and several undead only took their most precious treasures with them before they Warped for their lives. To make matters worse, they couldn’t travel with any Gate network without leaving a trail.

They wore their best cloaking items, changed their features with Body Sculpting, and prayed to the gods not to meet anyone who could recognize them from their energy signature.

’I never made open threats to Verhen, but I publicly asked more than once who shared my grudge against him and was willing to teach that privileged runt a lesson.’The runaways thought as one, as if their common fear established a mystical connection between them.

’I only revealed my plans to like-minded individuals in the safety of my home, but Awakened and Divine Beasts don’t need hard proof. Those will emerge by themselves once Verhen throws me in Salaark’s Pits of Agony!’

Those who had just cursed Lith’s name and listened to such conversations, instead, decided to move out of their region and lie low for a long while. They had never done or said anything too compromising, but they knew who did.

They trusted the hunters’ greed and Lith’s paranoia to throw them inside the Pits first and ask questions later. And they were right.

Over the next few months, no prisoner was brought to the Verhen Mansion, but many plots against Lith’s family were foiled nonetheless. Artisans tasked to Forgemaster specific kidnapping and dimensional-sealing tools sold their clients’ names for small fortunes.

Any group of Awakened who had nothing in common yet had been spotted together multiple times was reported to the highest bidder as well.

Awakened often lowered their guard in the presence of someone too weak to be a threat, and now those weak people found themselves in possession of priceless information that they sold through black market channels.

Nobody moved a finger against the Verhens because the hunters had become prey. The only silver lining in that situation was that all the time and effort the Awakened had invested in securing the escape routes meant to move the Verhens out of the country saved their lives.

***

"That was quite a show, Little Brother." Lith found Zoreth and Bytra waiting for him at the Mansion. "You have become a skilled Forgemaster."

"Thanks, Zor. It’s always nice to see you." Lith gave her a short embrace and shook Bytra’s hand. "I wasn’t surprised you missed the meeting at the Jeghon Plains. I know the Organization has no shortage of Blade Weapons thanks to Bytra."

"Indeed." She nodded. "I came here for more than the usual visit and congratulate you on your latest success. Can you please establish a mind link between us?"

Zoreth extended her hand, and he did as bidden.

She shared with him the details of her mission in Verendi to search for the fungus folk and how she had crossed paths with Solus, ignoring her trail on purpose. Lith also witnessed Zoreth’s fight against Orpal’s Upyrs and memorized the smell of the unknown Jormungandr.

"You knew I was there?" Solus’ eyes went wide in surprise.

"Yeah, I stalled Theseus for as long as I could, and luckily, it worked." The Shadow Dragon nodded. "By the time we followed the scent of the plant folk to a river, there was no trace of them, and their trail was cold.

"I didn’t report this sooner to give both of us plausible deniability and because I hoped that the Organization would find and kill Akhton and the Jormungandr. Sadly, we failed."

"Don’t worry." Lith patted her shoulder. "I appreciate the thought and the heads up. Based on how that Jormungandr behaved, he doesn’t want to be associated with Meln and has a lot to lose if his identity is exposed.

"Maybe I’ll meet him in the future, and he might lead us to Meln."

"Yeah, but that’s not what I’m worried about now. How is your family doing?" Zoreth asked. "I’ve got the gist of the situation, but I don’t know the details. Is everyone alright?"

Another mind link brought the Shadow Dragon and the Raiju up to speed.

"Damn bastards!" Zoreth snarled. "Attacking children like that! I want you to know that the Organization has been looking into this since day one. Whatever we discover, we’ll let you know.

"Whoever we find, we’ll deliver them to your doorstep. No reward required."

"That’s very generous of you and the Master, Zor." Solus said.

"Not really." She shrugged. "If no one earns your Blade Weapons, you and the Organization keep their duopoly on them. Two birds with one stone."

"Congratulations on your breakthrough, Solus." Bytra gave her a deep bow, keeping her distance. "I’m so glad you have recovered most of what I took away from you."

"It wasn’t you, Bytra, but thanks." Solus replied. "To be honest, I gained more than I lost."

She quickly shapeshifted into her Divine Beast form before reverting into a human.

"This makes no sense!" Bytra blurted out. "You never had a single drop of Divine Beast blood. Is this related to your bond with the tower and Lith?"

"Nailed it in one. I-"

"Welcome to the family, Little Sister!" Zoreth lifted Solus in a hug, cutting her short. "I can’t wait to see what you can do. Can we have a tour of the tower? I’m curious to see how much it has changed since our last visit."

"Both those things will have to wait, Zor." Solus replied. "The tower has yet to stabilize, and with it, my new form. I’ll let you know as soon as new and old floors are done expanding."

"Thanks." Zoreth nodded. "Now, please, bring me to my cuties. You have no idea how much I have missed Ely, Val, and Ral."

***

Zoreth and Bytra were overjoyed by how much the babies had grown and how happy they were to see their aunties, yet everything else appalled them.

The adult Verhens were struggling with the choice of Awakening, while the kids had yet to recover from their brush with death. Lenart was pale and barely spoke, a shadow of his energetic and lively past self.

By the time the two women returned home, they were seething with anger.

"I swear to the gods, I’d join the hunt myself if we hadn’t much more pressing matters to attend." Bytra snarled in fury. "I’ll ask Father to send all the operatives he can spare to investigate the rumors.