Supreme Magus

Chapter 4188: Only the Paranoid (Part 1)

"I made the pendant from a fragment of one of Jormun’s scales and a sliver of the Arthan Armor." Lith explained as he pointed at the various details. "We’ll have to find it another name, though. I don’t want the crazy old coot to jinx Val’s future."

"How did you get Jormun’s scale, and how could you damage Davross that masterfully enchanted?" Solus examined the craftsmanship of the knight pendant, and it astonished her.

She recognized Lith’s handiwork, but there was also something else. Someone had polished the piece, smoothing the imperfections until there were none left.

"I had Leegaain’s-"

"Grandpa!" Salaark’s voice snarled out of thin air.

"Grandpa’s help." Lith corrected himself. "He still had one of Jormun’s baby scales, and he removed the Davross from the armor. Or so he says. I wasn’t there. He says he doesn’t trust me farther than he can throw me."

"It’s beyond perfect, if that’s even possible." Menadion said. "The scale and the metal connect Val to his birth parents, while the pendant you shaped them into connects him to you. I don’t say this often, but I think you’re a genius at this, Lith."

"You never say that, Mom. This is the first time." Solus said. "Still, you are right. It’s beyond perfect. Who is the knight supposed to be? Jormun or Thrud?"

"Neither. It’s Valeron the First." Lith pointed at the small engraving on the blade’s fuller that overlapped with the fuller and tip so well that it was easy to miss. "His parents named him after his ancestor because they wanted to ward off Arthan’s curse.

"I followed their wishes and chose the First King to watch over our Valeron. This way, even if someone notices the pendant, it will be a symbol of devotion to the Kingdom, not of betrayal."

"I stand corrected." Solus and Kamila squealed so loudly that Lith had to cover his ears. "I don’t care if it’s impossible, I declare these pendants to be beyond perfect! If not in the design, in the thought behind them.

"You have outdone yourself not once but twice, Lith."

"Yeah, too bad that now you are the one left out." Solus sighed.

"First, I can’t tell the kids, or you, for that matter, how you should feel about me." Lith tutted. "That’s for you to show me with your actions and thoughts. Second, I’m not left out. I’m in every one of these pieces."

He waved at the five pendants.

"Their design came from my mind, and my hand crafted them. Whenever one of you looks at one of these pendants, they think of me because I made them possible. Just like I made this family possible."

"What a braggart!" Kamila laughed, playfully slapping his shoulder.

"Arrogant showoff!" Solus pouted in mock anger. "Yet Lith is right. Every one of these pieces represents our bond with him. It’s through him that we are connected to each other, just like with Ral’s pendant."

"Yeah, right." Menadion grumbled in annoyance.

"Why are you angry, Mom? Is something the matter?" Solus asked.

"I’m angry because this is too perfect, and now I feel left out!" Ripha snorted. "I know this is stupid. I haven’t known Lith long enough for us to have that kind of bond, and I do realize that if he made something for me, he would have to make it for the rest of his family.

"I know I have no reason to feel bad about not having my pendant, but it hurts nonetheless."

"Don’t be like that, Ripha." Salaark appeared out of thin air, wearing a necklace with many pendants on clear display over her desert robe. "This is about Lith’s family, not yours. It would be unfair to everyone else to ask for preferential treatment."

She caressed the silver pendants depicting her standing between several small solar systems.

It was a piece that Leegaain, not Lith, had crafted for the Overlord. Yet it suited the theme that Lith had chosen for his family and added insult to Menadion’s injured ego.

"You..." Fury left Menadion speechless, but only for one second. "You fluffy bird-"

Salaark Warped herself and the First Ruler of the Flames away, afraid that Ripha’s outstanding vocabulary and creativity might teach Raldarak the wrong words even with the Guardians’ auto-correct protecting his innocence.

***

As soon as Menadion regained her cool and returned her to the Mansion, Lith gave the knight pendant to Valeron in front of the rest of the family.

"Here, son. This is yours." Lith put the necklace in Valeron’s little hands, allowing him to study it. "I know it’s a late birthday gift, but I didn’t want to wait until next year to give it to you."

"Dad?" The little boy sniffed at the emerald armor, recognizing his father’s scent.

"Yes." Lith nodded. "This comes from Jormun, your dad, while the metal comes from Thrud, your mom. I’m sorry it took me so long to craft it."

"No apology!" Valeron sounded hurt. "You my dad!"

"Thanks, son." The baby boy started to cry, and Lith took him in his arms.

"Mom! Mom!" Valeron extended his arms toward Kamila and Solus, who immediately joined the family hug.

"Me! Me!" Elysia too started to cry, feeling left out and dispelling the sad mood with her silliness. "Wal! Wal!"

The baby girl didn’t calm down until they picked her up and allowed her to complete the family picture.

"Sorry, Ely." Valeron sobbed. "Love you."

"Lowe yah." She sobbed back.

"This is so touching." Raaz’s voice was steady and his eyes clear, but he had to blow his nose with a handkerchief. "The only sad part is that now I feel like a petty monster. Can you believe that I feel jealous for not having a pendant?"

"You too?" Elina wasn’t holding back her tears. "Thank the gods. I thought I was the only one.

"Welcome to the club." Tista grunted while waving at the rest of the family. "I’m the president."

"You wish!" Aran snorted. "I’m the president of the club. I was born after Lith. I should have been the first to receive a birthday pendant!"

"Meh!" Surin didn’t care about the pendants, only that they had woken her up from her nap just to watch a bunch of grown-ups crying.

She was an expert on the subject and saw nothing noteworthy in that amateur hour. They lacked depth, expressivity, and technique. If they had to cry for any reason, it should have been embarrassment.

"What about me?" Leria ignored the baby girl’s weird remark.

"You’re a member of a branch family." Aran pulled a scroll with a detailed family tree out of his dimensional amulet. "If you want a pendant, have your dad craft you one. And tell him to find his own theme. No imitations allowed!"

"Mom, Aran is mean!" Leria and the triplets cried.

"Good gods, why?" Rena rolled her eyes at Salaark. "Why today?"

"Good question." The Guardian nodded. "Kids, behave. This is Valeron’s moment."

"Yes, Grandma." They all nodded and went quiet.

"You..." Rena looked at the kids and then at the Overlord with rising anger.

She thought of the endless quarrels she had endured and all the hoops the kids put her through every day of the week.