Supreme Magus

Chapter 3878: Wrong Era (Part 1)

"Year 12,914 Day 124

"I finally did it! I finally shut down all those stupid voices in my head claiming that doing the same thing and expecting a different result was the very definition of madness.

"I crafted the pseudo cores of one of the most powerful artifacts of this time and implanted them in myself with Forbidden Magic. I have gained a unique kind of equipment that even Awakened can only dream of, and that no one can steal from me.

"Forgemastery shapes energy into a permanent form, and an Eldritch is made of pure energy. Forbidden Magic is the key to bringing order to the living Chaos of my body by turning it into powerful pseudo cores bound to my life force.

"Just like an Awakened has to develop auxiliary cores to overcome the bottleneck of the bright blue core and reach the violet, I’m creating auxiliary cores in my body to overcome the bottleneck of my condition as Eldritch and reach whatever lies beyond.

"Unlike a foolish Awakened, however, my cores are not mere lumps of accumulated mana. They don’t form runes as I move. They are runes, and each one of them grants me new powers I can activate with a single thought.

"I was right, and Mogar was wrong. I’m not a failure, and soon this whole world will learn the truth."

"Year 12,914 Day 216 supplementary notes

"This requires further celebrations and an accurate record of the events. Today, I mastered the power of my pseudo cores and regained my full power. Today, I discovered that the energy mass I sacrificed to create the enchantments is not lost.

"It has regenerated, and my Eldritch form is whole again. This has not affected the pseudo cores, which are as stable and functional as the day I crafted them. This means that with each new auxiliary core I Forgemaster, my powers will permanently increase.

"Raum the Eldritch was just a base, simple form that I’m now evolving according to my needs. I’m not slaved to the whims of nature or luck anymore. I’m the first person on Mogar literally to forge his own destiny.

"The flesh I lost and regretted until a few years ago was nothing but an illusion. A snare Mogar created to forbid her children from rising to their true potential and challenging her tyranny.

"Today, I’ve seen past the illusion of the flesh and taken the first step to free all my siblings from the slave collar they don’t even know they wear."

’The situation is much direr than I thought.’Leegaain narrowed his eyes as he kept reading.

"Year 12,915 Day 336

"Another year, another success. I’ve implanted a second set of pseudo cores into my body, and my full strength has already returned. I can now shape a weapon and an armor from pure Chaos.

"My deadly touch can’t spoil this equipment, giving me an edge over the other Eldritches and filling part of the gap that separates me from white cores. I’ll wait one more year for my life force to stabilize again, and then I’ll Forgemaster my third set of pseudo cores.

"The feeling of having a breakthrough is still as intoxicating as I remembered, and making it happen only when I want to makes it even better. This confirms my theory about the illusion of the flesh and opens my eyes to the truth.

"Mogar wasn’t angry with me on the day my body died. Mogar was afraid of me. Of what someone like me could do after getting rid of the shackles with which she had burdened me. Her exhortations to move on were not born of kindness, but self-preservation.

"Mogar wanted to neutralize the threat I posed to her. She wanted to send me off before I realized my true potential. I wonder what will happen when my entire body is converted into pseudo cores.

"What I’ll become when I’ve collected all the greatest powers on Mogar and made them mine. I can’t wait for that day when Mogar’s fears will become reality. When they’ll become me."

’Raum has found an artificial path that might actually lead him to the white core!’The thought worried Leegaain, but only up to a point.’Yet it must be faulty, or he would have already fused his black and white core.

’If he had done that, he wouldn’t have run away from me when we met.’

"Year 13,122 Day 12

"Things have taken an unexpected turn. After adding over one hundred pseudo cores to my body, my powers greatly increased, but so did my energy consumption. In my reckless enthusiasm, I forgot that I’m neither an Awakened nor an artifact.

"I can’t draw in the world energy. I can’t take ten paces away from a mana geyser without starting to fade. It doesn’t matter. There are enchantments that can make up for my flaws. If my body is cut off from the flow of world energy, I just need to craft a pseudo core that is not."

"Year 14,571 Day 56

"Another problem arose, and I’m incapable of solving it. Adding pseudo cores with the sole purpose of absorbing the world energy (I named them feed cores) solved my consumption issue, but it also slowed down my progress.

"Now I can’t add a new, powerful pseudo core until I have enough feed cores to support it. By itself, it’s nothing but a minor inconvenience. It slows down my progress, but I’m in no rush.

"Time is on my side, for I am one of Mogar’s true immortals. The real problem is that the pseudo and feed cores have grown in number to the point that there is almost no space between them.

"They clash and crash with a violence that more than once almost tore me apart at the worst possible times. I’m stronger than ever, but not as strong as I want to be. I’m still nothing compared to my father, and to add insult to the injury, that despicable white-cored runt built himself a mage tower!

"I’ve worked hard for thousands of years to erase the humiliation of our first encounter just to suffer a second defeat no less crushing than the first. To make matters worse, I can’t add new pseudo cores to my form until I find a solution."

’And there’s the flaw.’Leegaain inwardly sighed in relief.’To achieve the white core, multiplying the number of auxiliary cores isn’t enough. They must also harmonize and seamlessly overlap with each other.

’It’s the only way to turn every single cell into an auxiliary core and overcome the boundary between flesh and energy. Raum’s experiments led him in the right direction, but the secret of his success is also that of his failure.

’Even if he always uses the same Forbidden Magic spell, the mana and life forces each pseudo core contains are different. The souls he has unwittingly trapped in his body retain their individuality and make it impossible for the different cores to merge.

’Yet this doesn’t explain Raum’s current strength or why he kidnapped Zoreth and now needs Bytra. I’m still missing something.’

The journals progressed with countless experiments, one more deranged and bloodier than the previous.