Supreme Magus

Chapter 4118: Ring of Space (Part 1)

’Everyone else, fire at will!’Upon Lith’s command, the five Demons of the Fallen unleashed their respective Blade Spells, putting everything they had into the combined attack.

Their energy forms faded, their consciousness lingering just long enough to store their equipment in the pocket dimension before returning to their Void Sigils. Everything the five Demons wore was made of Adamant and studded with violet crystals, but the craftsmanship brought their power up a notch.

Lith and Solus had Forgemastered every piece with the help of the Eyes and Ears, recycling the materials and improving the designs whenever they learned something new.

That and the Vital Storm empowering the Demons made up for their rough technique.

Only Ripha had truly Awakened and gained the violet core on her own. The other four just relied on Lith’s memories and teachings, without having experienced any enlightenment about the mystic arts.

’I wish I spent a bit longer on the battlefield and a bit less time in the Forge. Even I can tell that the destructive power of my Blade Spell is average.’The First Ruler of the Flames inwardly cursed.

Truth be told, Menadion judged herself as strictly as she judged others and used Lith as a skill benchmark. The Demons actually used their Blade Spells masterfully, they simply lacked the finesse of someone who had been born Awakened and had learned to control his mana flow before he could walk.

Alas, the Black Throne was much older than the First Ruler of the Flames and, after experiencing countless battles, had become even stricter.

"What’s this? Amateur hour? I’ve seen many poorly executed Blade Spells in my life, but these pests take the cake." The cursed tower conjured a Silverwing’s Bastion, placing it so that it would take head-on Menadion’s Unstoppable Hammer, the most dangerous amongst the five Blade Spells, and deflected the others.

The Demons used their willpower to regain control of the Blade Spells and sent them against the Black Throne, but without Unstoppable Hammer and with their formation disrupted, the destructive power of the Blade Spells was more than halved.

The cursed tower split the Bastion into four smaller and much weaker barriers, yet it was enough to nullify the attacks. His skill saved him from using more mana and bought him a bit more time.

Most of the attacks on the Black Throne had ceased already, but the tremors had never stopped. On the contrary, they were getting worse by the second.

’I can conjure another Bastion, maybe even an Annihilation as well, but if I do that, this entire place is going to blow up like a firework. Forewarned is forearmed.’The cursed tower said via a mind link.

’Shit!’Jorl took the word out of everyone’s mind.’You heard him, we need to speed things up.’

The Upyrs released all the spells they had at the ready and those stored in their spell-holding rings, raining fire, ice, and thunder on the Demons of the Darkness while rock spikes erupted from below to impale them.

’Shit!’Phillard said, taking the word out of everyone’s mind.’All that work for nothing. The creepy tower didn’t get a single scratch from our attacks, and those bastards are all Divine Beasts, whereas we have only two of them.’

’Hey!’Tista said.’I’m a Divine Beast too.’

’You are?’The Lindwurm was honestly baffled.’I’m sorry, but you are so short and weird-looking that I thought your Karate bloodline was a Lesser Tiamat.’

’Hekate! What even is karate?’Tista replied.’Also, I’m not short. I have armor issues.’

Tista had reached the bright violet for a while, bringing her to the full 30 meters (100’) of an adult Divine Beast.

Unfortunately for her, the refinement of Iksha’s Honor in the Spark hadn’t progressed that fast, forcing her to restrict herself to 20 meters (66’) of height to ensure the maximum protection.

’I see.’Phillard nodded and pointed at Solus.’Does she have armor issues too?’

’Hey!’

’No, she’s just a midget, you dimwit!’Tista replied.

’Hey!’Solus yelled harder.’Less talking, more casting. They have spotted Lith!’

Uragar, the Book of Knowledge, could conjure all the spells recorded in his pages as long as he or his host had enough mana. It granted him a near-instant cast and unmatched firepower since his host could use Invigoration to replenish both their cores.

Lith had easily intercepted the incoming tier five spells with Ragnarök and neutralized them with the water element infused in the Davross, which had exposed his position.

Wild Demons had little skill and no equipment, so Uragar needed only one spell to blow them to bits. A mysterious Demon who could block three and take no damage had to be the Tiamat or at least the Hekate.

’I’ve found Verhen!’Uragar said, switching to Silverwing’s Annihilation and completing his part of the anti-Guardian spell in a heartbeat.

’Kill him!’Jorl moved to the center of the six-pointed star, taking control of the Annihilation and of the Spirit Magic element that comprised it.

Lith replied by recalling the Call of the Void and unleashing his Blade Tier spell, Ruin. The Mouth helped him to complete it faster, and without the burden of Call of the Void, Lith’s mind focused like a laser.

Vital Storm tripled the power of his mana core and every piece of his equipment. Silverwing’s Annihilation was fueled solely by the mana cores of the seven Upyrs, but the Life Maelstrom amplified their power tenfold.

The two spells fought to a standstill for a second before the Annihilation resumed its advance.

Aside from Uragar and Salanoth, the Upyrs only had a violet core at best, but Jorl’s Life Maelstrom made a difference, especially when he injected one more bolt in the Annihilation to overcome Ruin.

’Plan D!’Lith poured every bit of mana into the Blade Spell before Blinking to safety.

A second Annihilation joined the fray and quickly turned the tables. Tista had infused everyone with a new dose of Vital Storm while preparing the anti-Guardian spell, or it wouldn’t have been enough to overpower the Upyrs.

’I need that Bastion. Now!’The Storm Griffon said as the red and the prismatic pillars of light joined their forces and threatened to vaporize him.

’As you wish, but from now on, you are on your own.’The Black Thone replied, using just enough power to neutralize what was left of the combined spells after overpowering the Upyrs’ Annihilation.

The ground under the cursed tower now shook so violently that Friya could feel the vibrations from her position. Mogar was one drop of world energy away from teaching the Black Throne a lesson.

’Ignore the tower.’Solus said.’It’s losing power fast and is not a threat for now. Focus on the Upyrs.’

Everyone used the respite bought by the Black Throne’s Bastion to recover their strength with Invigoration, but so did Jorl and his team.

’No talking and no quarrelling.’The Storm Griffon said.’Teamwork is essential if we want to kill them all before one of them can escape. If Orpal learns about our alliance with the Black Throne, our entire plan will collapse.’

’Then stop being stingy with the Life Maelstrom.’Salanoth said.’I can ensure our victory, but fighting against so many enemies will take a lot of juice.’