Supreme Magus

Chapter 3939: Fires of Envy (Part 2)

Once that happened, the competition for a Fomor bride or groom would begin. The humans of Jiera did their best to curry the favor of the Fomors and get on equal footing with the Garleners.

A few people, however, had the fire of spite burning in their chests. They resented Garlen for taking the lion’s share of the glory in Ruugat’s defeat and the unfair advantage that Lith’s existence gave to the invading continent.

"You saw those wings. Verhen is at least at the level of a Fomor." Words like these echoed in the human cities across Jiera and even Verendi. "With his children, that gives Garlen at least three stable evolved humans, whereas all other continents have none!"

A very small but vocal minority burned with so much envy that if their feelings could light a literal fire, it would have been visible from space.

"This is bullshit!" Many Upyrs snarled several times a day. "We are supposed to be as powerful as Tiamats. A Vurdalak is supposed to be the perfect fusion of human, Vampire, Dragon, and Phoenix. Then why do I feel nothing?"

Both Thralls and those who had already achieved a permanent Upyr form complained without care for who might listen to them.

"I’m a Jormungandr-Upyr hybrid!" Erion hissed. "I don’t care about a pathetic human form, but where are my Dragon and Phoenix aspects? I want Origin Flames of my own. I don’t trust those prisms Meln offers. Everyone who takes one ends up dead."

"A pathetic human form?" Uragar, the Book of Knowledge, and Salanoth, the Ring of Space, echoed in outrage. "You can say that because your original body belongs to a somewhat powerful creature, but it’s different for me.

"My host’s body is human, and I have no bloodline abilities aside from those of my Upyr form. Unlocking the powers of a Fomor would be a game-changer for me. I would not only possess the physical might of a Divine Beast, but also acquire the means to support and amplify the enchantments of my real body!"

"How dare you call a Jormungandr ’somewhat powerful’?" Erion roared his challenge. "Your alleged immortality went to your heads, you pieces of old junk. Let me help relieve the pressure from your bloated egos."

The Jormungandr took away the world energy with Doom Tide and struck with his tail before the two cursed objects could react. The hit flattened the human hosts, but had no effect on Uragar and Salanoth, who combined their efforts in a counterattack.

Nobody, however, was more envious of Lith than Orpal.

Ever since he had watched the videos of the fight, he had entered secluded training to unlock his Vampire, human, and Divine Beast aspects.

’If Leech is a Voidfeather Dragon, I should be a Doomwing Dragon. If he is an Eldritch, I should be a Vampire Lord. If he’s an evolved human, so should I!’Orpal thought while studying every nook and cranny of his life force for clues about how to tap into his alleged aspects.

Yet no matter how hard he tried or how long he listened to the melody of his life force, his search always ended in failure. On Night’s suggestion, he had also used Life Maelstrom to enhance solely his life force in the hope of highlighting its different sides, but to no avail.

"This is not fair!" Orpal snarled, punching an expensive cabinet into splinters. "First, I didn’t take part in the Dragon Dance. Then, I missed the Demon Dirge. Now, every pathetic human and their uncle in Jiera experienced human evolution, and I did not!

"What is wrong with me? What-" A violent crash made the walls quake and weakened the Hush arrays of Orpal’s private quarters enough to let him hear the furious roars of the battle. "What in the nine hells is going on?"

"The usual." Jorl shrugged as he took bets and assigned odds. "Erion started one of his ’woe is me’ rants and pissed off someone. They are just settling the score and blowing off some steam."

"What’s his problem now?" Orpal nodded.

"Nothing much." Jorl replied. "He failed to tap into his Dragon side for the umpteenth time and belittled the human side of our Upyr form, which of course upset Uragar and Salanoth, our only resident humans."

At those words, Orpal’s face twisted in a grimace of sheer envy and fury.

"Leech! I mean, why haven’t you stopped them?"

"Because it’s fun and because maybe the struggle will unlock the hidden potential of one of them." The Storm Griffon said. "You’ve seen the videos. Once someone discovers a new path, the others follow."

"Good thinking." Orpal’s livid expression told Jorl that the Dead King fared no better than Erion. "Just keep them away from this part of the fortress. My experiments need quiet."

"Will do, boss." The Storm Griffon acted aloof, but he didn’t miss how frustrated Orpal was or the absence of his usual blind arrogance.

He just drew his conclusions and smiled.

***

’Why is this happening? What makes me so different from Leech?’Orpal woke Night from her slumber, demanding answers to his questions.

’I see. The Life Maelstrom didn’t work either.’She said after a partial mind fusion brought her up to speed.

’I already know that.’He snarled.’I want to know why.’

’Because there are no aspects you can call upon.’Her answer was cold and clinical, cutting him deeper than any blade could.

’What do you mean, no aspects?’His thoughts came out as feeble as whispers, his mind still recoiling from the shock.’I inherited my mother’s Dragon blood and my father’s Phoenix blood. I was born a human. I should have at least three aspects!’

’And if wishes were horses, beggars would ride.’She replied.’I’m sorry, Orpal.’

The Vurdalak didn’t know whether to be more surprised by Night’s rare apology or by the lack of mockery in her tone.

’What are you sorry about?’He asked.

’That we missed such a great opportunity.’She sighed, and her regret sounded genuine.’You wanted power, and I wanted a host, and we both wanted our due quickly. When I told you that I fused your life forces, I meant it.

’We didn’t give your different aspects the time to adapt to each other and grow. You rushed toward the bright blue too quickly and didn’t receive Mogar’s help upon reaching the violet.

’You only had my help and my knowledge about life forces is flawed at best. I did what I had to ensure your survival and give you the full might of a Divine Beast, but it seems we lost many pieces in the process.

’Your life forces are stuck together in a stable form, but that means that your Vurdalak form is just that. You are no longer human, Dragon, Phoenix, or Vampire. You’re a Vurdalak.’

’Are you sure about this?’Orpal clenched his hands so hard that they bled.’Are you really, really sure?’

’No. I’m not.’She replied.’Yet if Life Maelstrom and Moonlight have no effect, either your different aspects are severely atrophied due to the hasty evolution, or there are no aspects they can enhance. My money is on the latter.

’It’s too bad. You would have made a much better host if-’

’Shut up!’He yelled.