Supreme Magus

Chapter 4163: Old Memories (Part 2)

"After everything that we saw happening under Thrud’s rule, I couldn’t bear the thought of Elfiam spending his days with strangers while going the gods know where. This is a dangerous world, milord.

"I wanted him to be able to ask for help whenever he needed. Also, I needed to be able to contact him at any time. Having to wait until dinner to know that Elfiam was alright was one of the most terrifying experiences of my life.

"I prayed to the gods to protect him every day until he got his Tablet." She gulped down a glass of wine to drive off the shiver that the memory sent running down her spine.

"Sorry for the wait." Said a waiter. "Here are your appetizers. Please, enjoy your meal."

"Gods, how long did I speak?" Clila said, realizing no one else had gotten a word in edgewise.

"Not that long, but definitely too long, Sis." Elfiam chuckled. "You just need to tell everyone your dreams for the future, and they’ll have the entire story of your life."

"Don’t worry, it was an interesting story." Kamila nipped Clila’s obligatory apologies in the bud. "I don’t know you, but I’m starving. Let’s eat while the food is hot."

The girl blushed wildly and stuffed her face, hoping it would be enough to keep her frenzied mouth from embarrassing her again.

Yet Clila managed to take a single bite before freezing in place. The meat was tender and juicy, and the spices tickled her tongue with flavors she had never experienced before.

The pause allowed her to finally notice the delicious smell wafting through her nostrils, making her stomach gurgle in anticipation of the rest.

"This is the best meat I’ve ever had." Elfiam munched slowly, savoring every bite. "Thank you, milord."

"Enough with the honorifics." Lith said. "Lith will suffice. I’m your host, and I order you to stop worrying and focus only on enjoying yourselves."

He could see that the simple pleasure of a good meal awed the two siblings, and it brought him bittersweet memories. It was the same thing that had happened to him and Carl back on Earth when they had celebrated their emancipation.

It had also happened to him and his sisters on Mogar the first time he had brought home lots of bunnies to roast.

"You should try this, Elfiam. It’s very tasty."

"I know! I’m eating the same thing, Sis."

Clila often tried to give her food to Elfiam, but then she realized they both had a generous serving and there were more dishes to come.

By the end of the meal, the two siblings were bloated and had enough leftovers to cover the next dinner and lunch.

"Thank you, Lith." Clila said while repressing a burp. "I’ll get in trouble with Miss Bremrem for this, but it’s worth it. There’s no way I’ll get much work done with my stomach this full."

"Don’t worry. I have a solution." Lith took his communication amulet out. "Let’s exchange runes. If she gets on your case, just give me a call."

"Thank you!" The idea of having the Supreme Magus of the Kingdom on call gave her goosebumps.

"I might be busy, so use this when in need." Lith sent her a prerecorded message that she opened immediately.

"What is it now, and who’s that?" The hologram of Lith’s disgruntled face with his seven eyes open appeared from Clila’s amulet. "I’m busy now, and if you make me come there, you’re going to regret it, pal."

The hologram stared to the right side of the caller, making it clear it wasn’t angry with them.

"Just point it at the annoying prick, and they should leave you alone." Lith said. "Or at least buy you enough time until I get your message and arrive."

"Thank you, Lith. Do you need me for the afternoon?" Such kindness moved Elfiam, yet he still prayed to hear a no in reply.

He was so sleepy that he could barely keep his eyes open.

"No, we’ll manage." Lith replied, making Elfiam sigh in relief. "Do you guys need a ride somewhere?"

"I still have an hour before I have to go back to work." Clila said. "I’ll take a digestive walk, but thank you for the offer."

"Same here." Elfiam said. "I’ll bring all the leftovers home. I can’t carry around all this stuff while I work."

After the youths left, Lith opened a Steps leading everyone to the Unicorn’s Pot.

"That was very nice of you, Lith." Kamila said. "You made their day."

"They are such a cute couple of siblings." Solus said.

"Okay, what am I missing?" Menadion knew about Lith’s life on Earth, but not everything.

"It’s a long story, Mom." Solus replied as they walked to their room.

***

In the following days, Elfiam did his best to repay Lith for the meal, bringing him to the shopkeepers he knew best and trying to get Lith the best discounts he could.

Lith, on the other hand, invited Elfiam and Clila to join his family for meals more than once, making them both feel indebted.

So, Lith wasn’t surprised when Clila’s rune lit up on the day of his departure.

"Hi, Cl-" The hologram of the girl was covered in sweat as she sprinted with all her strength.

Tears streaked down her face, and her voice was choked, but she steeled herself to make it clear.

"Please, help me!" She yelled. "I just got a call from a guard. Something happened to Elfiam!"

A Tablet served as an ID and could be used to track its owner’s next of kin in case of emergency.

"Where is he? Where are you?" Lith’s stomach churned as the familiarity of the situation tore old wounds that had never fully healed open.

"One moment." Tablet users could share their location with their contacts and the authorities.

Clila sent Lith both her position and Elfiam’s.

"Solus, let’s split up. Kami, you stay here with the kids." Lith was calm and collected as he always was during a crisis, but Kamila saw something old and unfathomably deep flicker in his eyes.

He and Solus bolted away with their best flight spell without waiting for an answer.

Lith reached Elfiam in a matter of seconds while Solus went to pick Clila up.

The scene twisted Lith’s stomach further, tying it into tight, painful knots.

A handful of guards formed a circle to keep the bystanders away and give the Healer the space he needed to work. Elfiam was in the middle, his thin limbs bent at unnatural angles.

He lay in a pool of his own blood that streaked along the fissures in the pavement.

"He needs a hospital!" Lith heard the Healer say. "I don’t know tier four Healing spells, and his wounds are too extensive. Tier three doesn’t cut it. It takes a three-man team to-"

"Get out of my way!" Lith snarled, emitting a pulse of Tiamat Fear so intense that half the crowd took several steps back and the other half stuck their back to the nearest wall. "What happened here? You, talk!"

Lith nodded at a guard while he knelt beside the Healer who was keeping Elfiam stable, using Invigoration to mend the youth’s wounds and administering him nutrient potions.