Supreme Magus

Chapter 4436: What’s not Written (Part 2)

’Then why are we going to Zusha already? Shouldn’t we study Esha’s situation first?’He asked.

’That would be a waste of time.’Jirni inwardly shook her head.’If there is no connection between the crimes, each bandit group has to be studied as an individual organism and treated as such.

’If all of them, or just a few groups, are part of a bigger scheme, however, then we can’t make a move until we see the full picture. We are going to collect the reports from the counties affected by the raids and compile them.

’It will allow us to find evidence not only in what is written in the reports, but also in what is missing from them. We can use Jadon and Keyla as a benchmark for an honest noble to predict what kind of inquiries we should expect from the other counts.

’Comparing the data we receive from the Larks with those from their neighbors will allow us to expose those who are not cooperating with the investigation. At that point, we’ll sort out those who are just incompetent rulers from those who are trying to hide something from us.’

’I see.’Lith nodded.’A single county means nothing by itself. You want to check whether the nobles in a similar situation wrote similar reports and omitted the same information. It would prove they are working together.’

In the following hours, the group met many Counts Barla and as many Hormaks. Lith remained in each county just long enough to collect the documents regarding the bandit raids before moving on to the next.

Keyla was no exception. They visited her right before lunch, sparing her the cover story and going straight to the point once in the privacy of her office.

"Thanks for your help." She felt a weight lifting off her chest and her age lines became shallower. "Do you want to see the kids? They are dying to meet you."

"I’m sorry, but we can’t do any favoritism." Kamila replied. "We’ll stay here just long enough to fool your staff into believing we are interrogating you as we did with the rest of the nobles. They must think you are in their same boat and lower their guard around you.

"If we are lucky, someone will try to exploit your friendship with Lith to learn the direction the investigation has taken. If that happens, let us know, and we’ll tell you what rumors you must spread."

"Sounds like a plan." Keyla exchanged the documents so that the timestamp on her amulet and Kamila’s report would match. "Do I have enough time to pamper these adorable little imps?"

"Be my guest." Lith unstrapped the babies, who greeted Keyla with a group hug and were rewarded with plenty of baby biscuits.

By lunchtime, they had visited more than half the counties, and they resumed their travels after a short break for a quick meal and let the kids stretch their legs. Seeing new places excited them, but being forced to sit for so long stressed them.

The adults used that time to make a few calls at the Mansion and ensure that nothing out of the ordinary had happened.

"Everything is fine." Tista said. "We are taking turns keeping Jirni and Orion ’company’. They would love to be out there with you, Kami."

"Say hello to them for me."

"How is it going? Has the investigation started yet?" Tista asked.

"No, but it’s a matter of hours now. I’ll call you back. We have to finish our rounds before the end of the day." Kamila collected the last batch of reports after sundown, but a few hours before dinner.

She refused Countess Eliba’s offer of hospitality and returned to Idul’s Association branch.

’What’s next, Jirni?’She asked.’I’d know what to do if this was a regular investigation, but you haven’t shared your security plans against the Gernoffs with me.’

’Now we rest.’Jirni replied.’I’d love to go back to the Mansion, but we can’t afford the distraction of our families. Also, no one can spy on us inside your home, and we want our marks to always know where we are.

’Only when they believe they have understood our intentions will they crawl out of their holes and make a mistake. Follow me.’

Jirni instructed the Association clerk to open the Gate for the city of Garbam in Bolsa County. From there, she asked for the best hotel in the city, ensuring that at least two clerks overheard her.

The local Great Mage pointed her at the Siren’s Song, which they reached in a few seconds with the DoLorean. It was a five-stories tall historic building, with its walls painted the dull, warm red of a spring sunset.

The signboard depicted a winged humanoid woman perched on a small balcony with her head tilted back and her mouth open.

"It’s not much, but it will have to do." Jirni assessed the potential entry points someone like her would use and how to neutralize them before stepping inside. "Good evening, are the three top floors available?"

"I beg your pardon?" The receptionist, a young woman in her twenties with light brown hair held up in a bun, blinked several times in confusion.

"We would like to stay here, but only if the three top floors are available and empty." Jirni clarified. "Supreme Magus Verhen enjoys his privacy and doesn’t like having nosy neighbors."

"Well, of course." The receptionist’s eyes darted from the tall man in white to the babies in the stroller, recognizing them from the pictures on the posters. "You’re lucky. Winter is the only time of the year we aren’t fully booked.

"Garbam is a beautiful city, and if not for the bad weather it would be swarming with tourists."

"I’ll take your word for that." Jirni recognized the lie from a mile away and ignored it. "We take all the rooms on the third, fourth, and fifth floor. We don’t want to be disturbed, so tell the hotel staff to keep away from us unless we call them first."

She emptied a small bag full of gold coins onto the counter while assessing how much it would cost to stay there per night.

"Of course. Absolutely." The receptionist had never seen that much money in her life and couldn’t take her eyes off it. "Is there anything else I can do to make your stay more comfortable?"

"Yes. Don’t tell anyone we’re here, and if someone comes looking for us, send them away." Jirni replied.

"Shouldn’t I at least ask for their names?"

"Don’t worry about that..." Jirni read the name from the tag on the girl’s bosom. "Alika. They’ll tell you on their own and probably repeat it more than once. You send them on their way and take note of who they claim to be once they are gone.

"Not one second sooner. We’ll make it worth your while."

Jirni put a gold coin in Alika’s hand to emphasize the concept.

"Yes, ma’am. At your service, ma’am." The receptionist trembled from head to toe in excitement. "If you need anything, just ask for me. Don’t trust anyone else! Everyone here is such a gossip."

’And from what I can see, you are no exception.’Jirni nodded and moved towards the stairs.