Supreme Magus

Chapter 4439: Death by a Thousand Cuts (Part 1)

"Maybe Kamila Verhen is pregnant again." Jiza shuddered at the thought. "She never announces her pregnancies, and the rest of Mogar always learns about it the hard way.

"If we attack Jirni while she’s away from Elysia and Raldarak, but the Guardians deem us a threat to the baby in Lady Verhen’s womb, the Gernoff Household would go extinct, and all our contingency measures would be for nothing."

The youth pictured Jirni Blinking away from a deadly spell aimed at her, leaving Kamila in the line of fire. The Guardians had spared the Griffon bloodline and part of the Verendi Council because they weren’t involved in the assassination attempts.

The Gernoffs wouldn’t be so lucky. All the members of the Gernoff family knew about Jirni’s execution and were willing accomplices in Jiza’s plans.

"As for Dripha, there are too many unknown variables. Maybe Jirni left her with a dangerous bodyguard like Shargein, or maybe she’s relying on the same enchantment that killed our assassin during Verhen’s birthday gala.

"I wouldn’t rule out that Jirni wants us to take Dripha either."

"Why would she do that?" Calam’s tone remained level, but his face showed the shock he felt at those words.

"Kidnapping Jirni’s daughter means breaking into Verhen’s house." Jiza explained. "Facing his spells and potentially injuring his relatives. Whether we succeed or fail, the entire Verhen bloodline would become our sworn enemy along with anyone who wants a Blade Weapon."

The aide was about to suggest not leaving witnesses when he remembered that Friya would be among them. Lith wouldn’t let the lack of evidence stop his quest for vengeance, and neither would the Hydra bloodline.

"In one move, the Gernoff Household would find itself isolated in the Council and surrounded by enemies.

"The Lesser Divine Beasts who are after the Hydras’ bloodline awakening technology and the humans after the secret of human evolution would gladly offer the Gernoffs’ heads on a silver platter if it meant getting what they wanted.

"And it gets even worse." Jiza studied Calam’s expression to read his thoughts. "Friya Ernas has no obligation to officially announce when she completes the ritual that will transform her into a Harbinger.

"What if Jirni knows her daughter is already a Harbinger and is using her as a living surveillance device? If I’m right, the moment we attack the Verhen Mansion, Faluel will witness everything through Friya’s eyes and call the rest of her family to arms.

"The entire Hydra clan would come after our strike team first and us later. Fyrwal would take the attempt on her daughter’s Harbinger personally and call in favors, maybe even ask Tessa for help.

"Now imagine this. A furious Lith Verhen with all the evidence he needs to carry out his vengeance without anyone interfering and the will to turn the weapons of our enemies into Blade Weapons. How long would our family last against such force?"

"Not even one second." Calam replied. "The blood of Oghrom and his legacy would be wiped out from the face of Mogar without fulfilling their sacred duty. Jirni Ernas would live, and Oghrom’s will would be forgotten."

"Yet being cautious doesn’t mean staying idle." Jiza said. "Find out if Jirni Ernas is really disguised as Assistant Constable Ytana Sokra. If it’s her, have her followed 24/7. I also want the Mansion under strict surveillance.

"Verhen’s absence gives us the time and opportunity to study his defenses. Whatever Jirni Ernas has prepared, it must not work on us a second time."

Jiza Gernoff was unaware that Jirni had prepared nothing, and the deeper the Gernoffs looked, the more entangled they would become in an illusory web of their own making.

***

The following morning, Jirni and Kamila were almost done reading the reports of the bandit raids in Lustria’s neighboring counties and the countermeasures the local lords had adopted.

"I’m going to prepare breakfast." Lith said. "Any special request?"

He had spent the night patrolling the area with his Sigil Demons, but even the Eyes and Ears of Menadion had found no trace of a tail.

"Just one. Don’t." Jirni said. "We’re relocating in Ratham for ’further inquiries’." Lith could almost hear the air quotes. "We need to change our location often to keep the Gernoffs on their toes, and our enemies thinking the investigation is going nowhere."

"Do you know where we are going to stay next?" He asked, wondering why Solus had yet to return.

"Whatever hotel the Association recommends will be fine." Jirni replied. "I want to make it easy for the Gernoffs to find us."

Lith had no idea what her plan was, but he trusted Jirni enough not to ask questions. He accompanied Jirni to the reception where she checked them out of the rooms and got the unspent money back.

The group had just stepped out of the Singing Siren hotel when Solus’ contact rune lit up on Kamila’s amulet.

"I’m sorry to bother you, but we have a small problem." She said.

’This is a great move.’Lith thought.’Solus is using her lunch break to create herself an alibi. Now Jirni thinks that Solus has always been at the Mansion with the others and won’t suspect a thing.’

"What problem?" Kamila asked.

"Dripha hasn’t eaten anything in half a day and keeps crying." Solus replied. "We’ve checked her with Invigoration, and she’s fine. She’s just... sad. We’ve tried everything we can, but even ’Jirni’ and ’Orion’ here can’t calm her down."

’What does this mean?’Jirni asked with a mind link.’We never had such a problem in the past.’

’None of our children was as smart as Dripha, but I was always with them.’Orion replied.’I took both our parental leaves while you went back to work.’

"We didn’t call you earlier because we hoped Dripha would eat once she got hungry enough." Solus continued, unaware of the silent conversation. "Quylla can keep Dripha hydrated with her Injection spell, but I’m worried skipping so many meals might be dangerous for a young baby."

"Don’t worry, we’ll be right back." Kamila said as she looked at Lith.

He turned the DoLorean towards Manar County, picking a route that would also bring them close to Lustria. As soon as the car was within range of the Home Stone that Solus had stored in the Armory, a Warp Gate brought the group into an empty wing of the Mansion.

"You should thank Friya." Lith answered Jirni’s silent question. "After receiving Tezka’s lessons, her abilities have improved by leaps and bounds."

"That’s of secondary importance." She said, and for once she was honest. "Where’s my baby?"

Lith opened a Steps to the nursery, and the Ernas couple reverted to their true appearance before walking through it. They found Dripha exhausted and asleep, still holding the Water Store in her small hands.

"Wake up, baby girl. You need to eat." Jirni lifted Dripha in her arms, and the baby girl cried with joy.

Her mother’s smell, the sound of her heartbeat, and tone of voice were exactly as Dripha remembered. She clung to Jirni’s chest without letting go of the Water Store, believing that her relentless study of the toy was the reason for her mother’s return.