Supreme Magus

Chapter 4181: Like No Other (Part 2)

"Because between Night, Jorl, and now the Black Throne it was necessary." Acala replied. "We can’t hide forever, and if Dawn’s crazy sister comes at us, I want to be able to protect her. We won’t end like Kelia. No offense, Little Sister."

"None taken." The Red Emperor academy was closed for winter, and Dusk’s former host had moved in with Lith until the start of her final year.

"I meant... never mind." Solus’ words aroused the curiosity of many, but she refused to elaborate, and Acala had no intention of exposing his secret.

"Let’s go, Nalrond. I don’t like being where I’m not welcome." Dawn said. "Also, dear Lith, this is the reason we keep our lessons inside Bloodhaven. I don’t like being spied upon, and for a private man, you like poking your nose where it doesn’t belong too much."

"I’m sorry." Solus said. "I didn’t mean to-"

"Yet you did." Dawn cut her short.

"Wait a second." Much to everyone’s surprise, Protector stood up. "Can I please join you?"

"You want me to teach you Light Mastery?" Dawn’s eyes went wide. "I’m sorry, but no. Nalrond is a special case, and I barely know you."

"Gods, no." Ryman raised his hands. "I already have my hands full with my own studies. I meant if I can take part in your fighting lessons."

"I’m sorry, but you’ve lost me." Dawn tilted her head in confusion.

"I’ve only fought against Upyrs twice." Protector explained. "The first time I was lucky to be close to my children enough to access my bloodline abilities. The last time, however, I was too far away for that.

"I dealt my enemy a few blows, but none that mattered. That and seeing how quickly my companions were defeated made me realize that I’m unprepared to fight a Divine Beast, let alone one bonded to a cursed object.

"I’m asking you to teach me how to fight just like you do with Nalrond and Acala did with Friya before she got pregnant." Friya snored in acknowledgement.

"Oh, that." Dawn chuckled. "I’m sorry, it seems there’s a bit of confusion here. I don’t spar with Nalrond. I only teach him how to use his abilities, and Acala did the same for Friya. He was kind enough to be her practice dummy."

"But Friya said-"

"My husband was also kind enough to let your friend believe he was giving his all not to hurt her pride." Dawn cut him short.

"What about all the times you kicked my ass?" Nalrond asked.

"Those were practical demonstrations of my teachings. Barely love taps. We haven’t sparred once." She said with a confidence that Nalrond would have found offensive, had not the truth behind her words been evident.

’She’s right.’He thought.’At first, Dawn let me attack her to vent my resentment. Once I gave up on that, she had to break my pride along with my spells to show me beyond doubt how flawed my technique was.’

"This only proves my point." Ryman said. "You are an ancient and powerful cursed object with centuries of experience. Even though your host isn’t a Divine Beast, you are the closest thing to the living legacies under Jorl’s command.

"I don’t care how many times I lose against you as long as I learn how to fight someone of your kind. Improving my chances of survival and coming back to my family alive is everything that matters to me."

"The closest thing? Someone of my kind?" Dawn burst out laughing as if Protector had said the best joke ever. "Please, whoever those guys are, they are a pale imitation of me.

"If you so much as learn to hold your ground against me, you’ll make mincemeat of them. Also, there are only two people like me. Dusk and Night. Bring me any other cursed object and watch how fast I turn them into a memory."

"I didn’t mean to offend you." Protector gave her a shallow bow. "Even if you are as powerful as you say, my request still stands. Please, show me how a living legacy fights."

"You are a brave, sensible man. I have to give you that." Dawn looked at the Skoll with new eyes. "You make no demands, don’t claim a self-righteous moral high ground, and even apologize when you recognize your mistakes."

She glowered at Nalrond and the still-sleeping Friya.

"Which is all the more reason I have to warn you. Are you aware of the circumstances of my first and only fight against Lith?" Dawn looked around the room, making sure there was no one there unaware of Solus’ real nature.

"I was going to say yes, but I’m going to tone my answer down to more or less." Ryman replied.

"Wise move." She nodded. "Back then, Lith was already a blue-cored Awakened, a hybrid, and he fought alongside Nalrond and Solus. I, instead, was bonded to a non-Awakened blue core, had spawned twelve Chosen, and fought alone at night.

"Despite all that, I had the upper hand. If Lith and Solus didn’t fuse and tap into the power of their tower, our fight would have ended differently."

"She’s telling the truth." Lith said. "Her Daybreak spell would have been enough to end the battle if Nalrond didn’t draw her attention and break her focus."

"Now, my host is a bright violet-cored Awakened, I don’t have to fight for control over my body, I have no Chosen, and the sun is up." Dawn said. "Are you really sure you want to fight me under these conditions?"

That information took Protector aback, but it only reinforced his decision.

"Yes, I’m sure."

"Then pick up your best equipment and come to Bloodhaven. It’s in the Mansion’s keep, right beside Starforge." She replied.

"What about my lesson?" Nalrond asked.

"You made me wait for over ten minutes. Five more won’t make a difference." Dawn scoffed.

"Five minutes?" Protector echoed in disbelief.

"I know, I’m being generous." Dawn shrugged. "You won’t last half that long, but I’m taking into account the time I need to explain to you what you did wrong."

"Dad, can we come and watch you fight?" Leran asked, and his siblings nodded. "We want to cheer for you."

"Absolutely not!" Ryman’s tone brooked no argument. "A spar between Awakened is a bloody fight, not a sports match. Besides, I wouldn’t be able to focus if I had to worry about not traumatizing you."

"Okay." Leran, Lilia, and Fenrir whined like a hungry puppy, but Protector didn’t budge.

"Can we come?" Lith pointed to himself, Solus, and Ripha.

"Sure. As long as you promise me no shenanigans of Menadion." Dawn replied. "I want my techniques and spells to remain a secret. Are we clear?"

"Crystal." Lith sighed before realizing his blunder. "Pun not intended."

"I’d like to spectate too." Quylla said, and Nalrond joined her plea.

"The terms are the same." Dawn shrugged. "Try anything funny, and you’ll make an enemy out of my mother and me."

***

Protector took his Ouro armor and his twin maces, Boros, from the Spark and walked up to the door of Baba Yaga’s wooden cottage. The artifacts’ crystals had become a bright shade of violet, showing they were close to turning white.