Supreme Magus

Chapter 4345: Tezka’s Answer (Part 1)

"This wasn’t part of our deal, boy, so consider the lesson my congratulatory gift for your twins. Watch and listen well, because Friya is going to need it." Tezka turned his head just enough to look at Nalrond.

"As for you, kid, I’m not as stingy with words as you are. I’m more than happy to help my enemies understand the depth of their incompetence before I kill them."

His polite and professional tone was that of an academy professor, but his cruel smile was that of a predator playing with his quarry.

"I called the apex of dimensional magic Infinity because there’s nowhere it can’t reach. Once you learn how to stabilize the volatile and fickle dimensional energies with gravity, the possibilities are endless."

Tezka formed a thin Warp Steps within the boundaries of Chaos Dimension and then conjured a gravity spell that coated it like a second layer. The different energies quickly merged into a single spell, allowing the rift to move around without collapsing or needing to alter its dimensional coordinates.

"The Infinity Blade is the basic exercise to learn Infinity Magic. If you can’t control what you hold in your very hand, how can you hope to master the space that’s hundreds, if not thousands of meters away?

"It’s never been intended to be used as a weapon, and if you truly understood Infinity Magic, you would have realized it without my help, kid." Tezka shook his head. "What good is a blade that opens wounds as thin as a hair?

"Magic metals self-repair as soon as you pull away the Infinity Blade, and healing the injuries it causes takes little skill and effort. The edges of the wound are so perfect that even severed limbs are as good as new as soon as you reattach them.

"Not to mention plant folk, Mage Slayers, Hordes, undead, and all those creatures that would not even notice such a thin cut or make a meal out of the Infinity Blade.

"And don’t get me started on anything the size of a Lesser Divine Beast or bigger. To them, the Infinity Blade is but a toothpick, and making it big enough to hurt them requires so much mana and skill that you might as well cast a hundred tier five spells.

"Last, but not least, Infinity Magic is unsuited for closed spaces and can’t be used in the presence of any kind of dimensional array." Tezka put the blade outside the Chaos Dimension, and it faded into nothingness.

"The balance between Gravity and Dimensional magic is so delicate that even the spells of an amateur like you can distort the Infinity Blade of a master like me. There are only two solutions to this problem. One."

The violet crystal on Endless Night collected the energy of the other six elemental crystals, forming a dimensional rift along its blade.

’Why is the Suneater wasting so much time talking?’Uragar had already regenerated his host and was now recovering his strength with Invigoration.’Is he trying to catch his breath, or is it because he can’t afford to move from the safety of that spot?’

’It’s neither.’Jorl grunted, feeling sick as he studied the changes in his life force.’The Suneater is playing with us. He considers the fight to be already over. We are not his enemies.’

’Then what do we do?’Uragar swapped the spells recorded in his pages with those he believed would increase his chances of survival.

’The only thing we can.’ Jorl replied. ’We help Salanoth to the best of our abilities until we find an opening to get the fuck out of here. I’m not dying like a moron for a millennia-old grudge that has nothing to do with me.’

"Forgemastering allows you to skip all the complexities of conjuring Infinity Magic, while Davross makes a perfect shell to isolate such delicate spells from external influences, making them akin to Fusion Magic." Tezka swung Endless Night, and the Infinity Blade coating it was unaffected by the Severed Sky array.

"Two." Tezka conjured another dimensional weapon in his left hand, but this time its outline was so black that it seemed to devour all light. "Replacing darkness with Chaos stabilizes Infinity Magic and greatly improves its killing potential.

"Chaos devours everything it touches long before it can disturb the balance of the Infinity Blade, and the wounds it inflicts are far from clean." The Chaos Blade resisted Severed Sky as well and cut through the Eternity Seal, forcing Salanoth to spend mana to repair it.

"Chaos is the answer I found to Infinity Magic’s weakness after I was reborn. Chaos is the reason I’m still alive to this day and the secret behind Chaos Dimension, girl." Tezka said as he let the Chaos Dimension that protected him fade.

The Ring of Space didn’t miss the opening and focused her power into a new Eternity Gate, stronger and deadlier than the previous. The Suneater didn’t move, waiting until the last second before revealing his hand.

The Chaos Blade he held grew and expanded in every direction, forming a perfect sphere centered on Tezka that the Eyes of Menadion identified as something similar to Chaos Dimension yet different.

Salanoth’s magical formation and Tezka’s new spell fought once again, yet this time Chaos Dimension held its ground. The clashing of the two spells produced sparks across the borders of the dimensional energy sphere and the screech of metal against metal.

The Ring of Space gave her all into the attack, pouring all the skill she had accumulated over the millennia and the power she had infused into the Spirit and dimensional devices scattered across the Armory’s ruins.

Chaos Dimension flickered a few times, even shrinking by a few centimeters when the attack reached its apex, but it always bounced back. After a while, Salanoth had to stop her onslaught to let her host use Invigoration.

Much to her horror, Tezka showed no signs of exhaustion and had conjured another dimensional rift in his hand.

"Eternity Magic was my greatest regret, boy." The Suneater sighed. "If gravity can support space to allow me to reach anywhere I want, then by using space to support gravity, I was supposed to be able to control motion.

"I called this theoretical branch of magic Eternity because it allows its user to freeze or accelerate anything you want. It’s not real control over the flow of time, but it doesn’t threaten the fabric of reality and requires much less power."

"I’ve tried to use dimensional magic to restrict the area of effect of gravity magic and focus its power on my enemies without affecting me since I was still a living Fylgja, but I always failed.

"I could always conjure a dimensional array to seal a gravity spell, sure, but once I stepped inside the array, I would suffer the effects of gravity magic like everyone else. That kind of farce couldn’t be called Eternity Magic!" Tezka snarled.

"I would ask you how your maker could succeed where I failed, considering their very limited talent, but the answer is painfully obvious, girl. They used Forbidden Magic."

Salanoth swallowed hard, afraid of how quickly Tezka had figured out the secret of her strength and even found a way to counter it.