Supreme Magus

Chapter 4110: No Master (Part 1)

Menadion showed the group the battle forms of Baba Yaga’s and Silverwing’s towers since they had already been revealed during Solus’ rescue mission. Hundreds of Dragons, Phoenixes, and Liches had taken part in it.

It was only a matter of time before one of them told the story to the wrong audience, and the events of the battle against the World Tree became public.

’I have seen the holograms of these things before, but I thought they were just drunken tales. Are you telling me they are real?’Phillard pointed at Bloodhaven’s Asura form, proving Ripha’s point.

’Yes. So be careful, keep your distance from the tower, and do whatever Lith says.’She looked all of them in the eyes, even Protector and Nalrond.

’Since you are such an expert, any idea what we are against?’Morok asked.

’No. I’ve never seen a mage tower beside my own, and Yaga’s when I was alive. Lochra having one shocked me. Mostly because of how poor its design was.’Menadion said.

’How can you have not seen more than two towers? How is that possible?’Nalrond was flabbergasted.

’Kid, I know I was born in an age of legends, but mage towers are damn rare. The mages who have one don’t go around Mogar parading it.’Menadion replied.’It’s the reason they are so hard to build.

’If I hadn’t met Yaga, I would have never succeeded in creating my own so soon in my life. It would have taken me centuries.’

"Fantastic. Now, everyone shut up, please." Lith took his Council amulet out of his pocket dimension and pressed the rune associated with Jorl’s bounty.

"What kind of lunatic is n- Verhen?" The Fire Griffon looked bored out of his skull, his beak leaning against his fist, until he saw who was calling. "Did you spot the traitor?"

"Maybe." Lith raised his hands in apology and explained the details of his mission. "I followed the traces of a cursed item shaped like a book here. I never met Jorl, so I don’t know his energy signature.

"Yet I’m pretty sure there is a Griffon among the cursed book’s companions. My senses and Baron Crank agree on this." Lith showed the blurred picture and included the honey badger in the hologram.

"Did you sneeze while taking this picture, Hyperion?" The Fire Griffon glared at Crank with contempt. "Don’t answer. It was rhetorical. This is not much, Verhen. Even coming from you. We are swamped following fake reports and tips.

"There are too many bastards who want the reward for useful information and think we Griffons are a bunch of friendly, trusting idiots." He said the last part while staring at the Hyperion.

"I can’t deny that, but I can swear on the book’s presence. I’m sure of it." Lith replied. "Besides, if I had seen Jorl, he would have seen me, and we wouldn’t be having this conversation because I would be busy fighting for my life.

"You wanted tips to find Jorl, this is one. How many Griffons follow Narchat? How many cursed books whose host has been turned into an Upyr do you think exist? If you don’t trust two Divine Beasts reporting the same thing, you’d better take down the reward offer."

"Give me one moment. This is not a decision I can take alone." The Griffon’s hologram disappeared, putting Lith on hold.

’Why did you drag me into this?’ Crank snarled via the mind link, in case someone was listening from the other side.

’Because I need more than "maybe, just maybe I found your guy" to get us a storm of angry Griffons as back up!’ Lith replied.

Everyone’s eyes went wide in understanding as they sighed in relief.

’Good thinking, but why didn’t you also tell him about the tower?’Phillard asked.

’Because then the Griffons’ priority wouldn’t be to rescue us and capture Jorl but get themselves a mage tower.’Lith replied.’We need back up, not competition. If you think they wouldn’t kill us just to keep the secret, you are a naïve fool.’

’Point taken.’The Lindwurm swallowed hard.

’If Jorl is not here, I’ll take responsibility.’Lith said.’If he’s here, we’ll share the reward equally. Deal?’ Lith offered Crank his hand, who shook it promptly.

’Deal. What if the tower helps the cursed book or Narchat’s goons have imprinted it by the time the Griffons get here?’The Hyperion asked.

’Then we bail.’Lith replied.’The mission for the Kingdom would be complete anyway, and staying here any further would be suicidal. If the tower doesn’t kill us, the Griffons will. Yet if we run away and spread the word, there will be no secret to keep.’

’I like this plan.’Crank rubbed his paws, already smelling success in the air.

’Lith, Mom, there’s something you should know.’Solus said on their private link.’My mana sense found something weird, and I’ve just finished confirming it with the Ears and Eyes.

’There is a mana geyser below the tower, but that’s not the weird part. The world energy coming out of the geyser has the same frequency and output as the geyser we used earlier. I think that tower stole our power source.’

’Is that even possible, Ripha? Your tower has always seized already occupied mana geysers. Slowly, but without fail. The opposite has never happened.’Lith said.

’Because the things you overpowered were old junk.’Menadion replied.’This tower might be recent. Also, to screw Epphy’s tower over so easily, it must have been here first. The geyser was already taken, and you didn’t notice.’

’This is weird. We’ve been here before, and the geyser worked just fine.’Solus pondered.’Also, a tower needs a lot of power, yet that thing took a negligible amount until the Upyrs arrived.

’The only possible explanation is that this tower can somehow move and that the Upyrs came here to meet it. Also, whatever means this tower used to overpower Starforge, it must come with severe limitations.’

"Are you still there, Verhen?" The Fire Griffon had just returned.

"I am. What’s your clan’s answer?" Lith asked.

"The Elders decided to trust you. We’ll be there with all haste." The Fire Griffon replied. "Just make sure Jorl doesn’t run away. If that’s not possible, at least memorize his energy signature.

"If you can help us to find him again, we’ll make it worth your while."

***

Meanwhile, inside the Black Throne, Jorl sprinted on the steps, taking three or four at a time. He had no interest in sightseeing and no idea on which floor he would meet his host.

After the library, he found what looked like an orrery, displaying the position of planets and moons in Mogar’s solar system.

hen, a luscious garden filled with natural treasures, a colosseum with battling gladiators, a luxurious tea room, an armory filled with all kinds of enchanted weapons, and several more floors that little have to do with magic.

"Guys, stop. The Black Throne is messing with us." Salanoth, the Ring of Space, said. "We are running in circles. We have been visiting the same two floors until now.

"He simply alters their appearance after we pass and Warps us back to the first floor the moment we open the door to the third floor."