Supreme Magus

Chapter 4158: A Better Life (Part 1)

The wait turned out to be more pleasant than Kamila and Solus expected. Plenty of street food vendors had set shop near the queue for nobles, and the quality of their products matched Vexal’s.

Elfiam introduced the various sweets and dishes to the ladies, explaining the history behind each one of them and offering to procure their recipes.

Kamila conjured a hard-light chair whenever she needed, and had breakfast four times before their turn came. Solus stopped at five breakfasts, and only because unable to stand Menadion’s glare.

"That’s it?" Solus said once they stepped inside the Great Theatre. "All that line for an empty building? I’m surprised that the tourists don’t riot multiple times a day."

As the name implied, the Great Theatre was just a very big elliptical amphitheater. Aside from the many rows of chairs on multiple levels and the vast center stage in the middle, there was nothing to see.

With its 400 meters (1312) of length, 300 meters (984’) of width, and 100 meters (328’) of height, the Great Theatre was still a sight to behold.

"Without a performance, a theatre is bound to be an empty building, Lady Verhen." Elfiam chuckled. "Otherwise, the tickets would be much more expensive and only a few people would manage to visit it every day.

"Theatrical plays and operas are performed in the evening, when the Great Theater is closed to tourists. I can book you the best seats for anything of your liking, if you want."

"Over my dead body." Lith shook his head. "I’m already enduring this during the day. I won’t let-"

A firing squad of glares cut him short.

"Okay, fine. We can watch one." He grunted. "Just one."

"We’ll discuss the details later to spare Magus Verhen’s nerves unnecessary suffering." Elfiam nodded. "Now, the Great Theater is empty, but I wouldn’t take your money just to walk you around the stage.

"Our visit starts from the front rows and proceeds towards the upper levels to give you an overall view and allow you to decide where you want to sit. Before you ask, yes, the manager is that cunning. Consider all this as paid advertising."

The youth pointed out the architectural fine details before moving on to what Lith considered the juicy part.

"Before King Valeron conquered Amrok, the Grand Theatre was less about art and more about savage entertainment. This place was a dignified gladiator pit where slaves, warriors, and desperate people put their lives on the line to earn money or their freedom.

"After every military victory, the senate had key battles replayed here for everyone for free. It was a way to repay the people of Amrok for their sacrifices in time of war, letting them see with their eyes how their loved ones had died and how the tax money had been spent.

"Also, it was a way to honor the fallen warriors and praise the victorious generals. With one hand, the nobles shared their glory with the common folk, while with the other, they secured the public’s support.

"Access to the Great Theatre was free in times of peace as well, but the shows were of a different nature. One of the most beloved required to empty the center stage with earth magic and fill it with water.

"Then, scaled-down nautical warfare among the empire’s best captains would take place, allowing the citizens to bet and the marines to earn extra money while also gaining practical experience.

"King Valeron’s arrival abolished slavery and fights to the death, while the spreading of Silverwing’s legacy changed the nature of the shows. Mages took the center stage more and more often, displaying their skills and dominating the scene.

"King Valeron used the Grand Theatre to advertise his six great academies among the commoners and show them the path to a better life. He also added free theatrical plays in the afternoon to entertain the youths and spread the values of the Kingdom."

Elfiam spoke without rushing, yet managed to keep a perfect sync with the holograms that cyclically appeared on the center stage and depicted the events he was describing.

By the time they left the Grand Theatre, Solus’ disappointment was gone, and she tipped the youth with a copper coin.

"Thanks, but you should keep your purse tighter. We have just started." He said with a bow as he pocketed the coin anyway.

After that, there was just enough time to visit the imperial museum before lunch. There was only so much the babies could sleep through, and once hungry, they wouldn’t stop fussing until properly fed.

Elfiam brought them to a small tavern, the Pride of the Empire. It was a rustic family restaurant, with chairs, tables, and walls of polished wood that bore the sign of age and wear as a medal of honor.

Like in most establishments in Amrok, there was quite a crowd, but a few tables were available even without a reservation.

"A table for four adults and two small children, correct?" Asked a plump middle-aged woman who smelled of spices.

"A corner table, to be precise." Lith looked around the tavern, noticing that, although no different from most of the places where he had dined in his tour as a Ranger, the smell of the food was in a league of its own.

"You know, when I received the reservation under the name Verhen, I thought it was either a coincidence or some guy with his mistress looking for anonymity." She chuckled. "I would have never expected to meet the real Lith Verhen.

"It’s an honor to have our Supreme Magus in my humble tavern."

"The honor is all mine." Lith followed the woman as she guided them to their table.

"Would you mind signing the wall beside the kitchen entrance if you enjoy your meal?" The woman asked. "It’s a tradition of the Pride to showcase the famous customers we had the privilege to serve."

"Sure." Lith nodded.

By lunch time, the tavern was packed, and not a single empty table remained. The owner of the Pride preferred to ask the new patrons to either wait outside or leave rather than rushing those who were enjoying their meal.

"I’m glad you hired Elfiam." Solus said while savoring a delicious risotto. "This restaurant may not be fancy, but the food is out of this world."

"Also, I’ve never seen half the dishes on the menu." Kamila said. "For once, we can try the local cooking instead of picking the cuts of meat of the day."

"I resent that." Lith grunted, eating a beef stew whose name he wasn’t able to pronounce. "Meat is life, and it’s delicious."

"By the way, where did the kid go?" Menadion asked.

"To have his own lunch." Lith shrugged. "I doubt he can afford this place. Even if he can, I bet Elfiam is trying to save every coin he can."

Despite his aloof tone, Lith felt compassion for the youth. He had walked many miles in Elfiam’s shoes, both on Earth and on Mogar. Yet when his compassion and avarice clashed, the wallet usually had the last word.

"Why didn’t you just invite him to eat with us?" Kamila asked. "That poor kid needs to eat."

Between the boy in her womb and the one sitting near Lith, Kamila couldn’t stand the thought of a child going hungry.