Supreme Magus

Chapter 3791: Debts of Gratitude (Part 2)

"I also have to thank you, Ryla." Ryman said. "I know that being stuck in the Mansion is a curse to you, but it’s a blessing to me. I can keep my children safe and receive your golden lightning at any time."

"I’m glad I was useful." The Fomor gave him a curtsy. "I’m thinking I should find a name for my abilities."

"Ryla’s Thunder!" Garrik yelled in enthusiasm.

"Gods, no!" Ryla shuddered. "It’s not just my bloodline ability, dear. It belongs to all Fomors and you."

"Fomor Thunder?" Garrik proposed. "No, it sounds lame."

After a few botched attempts to find a proper name, Garrik brainstormed the issue with the Hatis and the Skolls.

"Divine Punishment!" Xagra said.

"Heavenly Strength!" Lilia said.

"Seconds!" Fenrir said while showing Selia her empty plate.

Lith just watched from the sidelines, chuckling at the kids’ antics. He didn’t mind paying for the food.

’I’m glad Garrik is making friends.’He thought while holding Valeron’s small hand.’That poor kid went through a lot, and if I can bury the grudge the Hatis have for Glemos with meat, it’s a small price to pay.’

’Dya!’Valeron said via a mind link, proud of his father.

The baby boy had no idea what Thrud had done, but he had no doubt that she and whoever Glemos was, weren’t so much different.

’Thanks, son. I-’A sudden pull at Lith consciousness cut him short.

"Dam-" The memory of Dripha’s first word had him bite his own tongue.

’If the children learn it too, Kami will kill me.’

"Damascus! What do the Royals want now?" Lith moved to his office to pretend he was swamped with work and give himself a plausible excuse to turn down any non-crisis-level request. "Your Majesties, to what do I owe this pleasure?"

He raised his eyes from the sheet of paper where he had just jotted down a nursery rhyme in English.

"Supreme Magus Verhen." King Meron nodded. "We are sorry to disturb your work, but the Kingdom needs you."

"Is it Meln again? What did he do this time?" Lith checked his amulet but found no alert or notice that required his attention.

"No, this is not about the Dead King. This is about the commitment you made when you accepted the role and title of Supreme Magus." Sylpha replied. "With the constant flow of resources we receive from Jiera, it’s finally time to usher in the second civilian Train."

"Another civilian Train?" Lith gave the Royals a quizzical look. "I thought the Tablets would come first since they are much less expensive."

The first civilian Train served the area surrounding the city of Valeron, connecting the neighboring villages and cities with the capital and giving them access to its Warp Gate. The Royals had taken part in the maiden voyage and made the Train a popular means of transportation.

"Indeed, but we are still collecting data about the Tablets’ side effects." Meron sighed heavily. "Productivity has declined in a few areas, and people spend too much time staring at the damn thing.

"We expected the obsession for the Web of Knowledge to fade with time, yet that doesn’t seem to be the case. Trains, instead, are just a means to an end. They require no further study."

"I see." Lith nodded. "And what am I needed for?"

"For the maiden voyage, of course." Sylpha replied. "The second civilian Train will serve the Distar region. Your region. As the Supreme Magus, White Griffon’s alumnus, and inventor of the Trains, it’s your duty to lead the people of your region by example."

"Do I really need to?" Lith barely repressed a loud groan. "Isn’t Brinja enough?"

"Respectively, yes and no." Meron said. "Why do you think we took part in the maiden voyage of the capital’s Train? To us and those who are familiar with your DoLorean, a Train is just a big car.

"To everyone else, it’s a metal monster that flies off the ground at breakneck speed. People are terrified of Trains. They are afraid to die in an accident. That their car may crash against a rock or fall into a pit.

"In their eyes, a Train is a deathtrap until proven otherwise. You are the proof they need. If they see you travel on the Train, entrust your life and that of your family to your creation, the people of the Kingdom will feel safe enough to board it.

"Marchioness Distar will accompany you as well. We need both the political and magical authorities of Distar to collaborate to ensure the success of the operation."

"I understand." Lith replied. "Just for the maiden voyage, correct?"

"Indeed." Sylpha nodded.

"How long will it take?" Lith asked.

"Quite a bit." Meron replied, and this time Lith groaned. "The Train will connect not only cities and villages to Derios and Lutia, but also to the White and Lightning Griffon Academies.

"We expect you to offer a tour of your academy and be a pleasant host. We need the experience to be memorable so that everyone on the Train speaks highly of it. The word of mouth and the hope to meet you will do the rest."

"When is the maiden voyage scheduled for?" Lith raised his hands in surrender.

"A week from now." Sylpha said. "Just the time to advertise the event and give you the opportunity to prepare. For one day, everyone will know your schedule. Meln included."

***

Lutia’s train station, one week later.

"You have nothing to be worried about, babe. Everyone is safe and we’ll be by your side the whole time." Kamila said while holding his hand. "Shargein is staying with your parents at the Mansion, and so is Protector."

"Dya!" Elysia and Valeron nodded from their baby carriers.

"Thanks, but it’s not my enemies I’m afraid of." Lith sighed. "Fights don’t last long, whereas I’ll be trapped for hours in a confined space and forced to make small talk with a bunch of strangers."

"Same." Solus grumbled. "On top of that, I don’t have anyone to shield me like you do for Lith and Bodya for Tista."

"Get a life, sister." The Hekate shrugged. "I’d rather be home and train than be on a Train."

"Shut up! People are listening." Kamila said. "Or rather, they are trying."

The train station was plastered with posters that announced the event and Lith’s presence. The platform was full of people from Lutia and the neighboring areas who had come there to board the Train together with their Supreme Magus. Just to be safe.

Lith and the others had Hushed themselves to talk freely without the need to yell to overcome the hubbub of the crowd.

"That’s our ride." Lith said when he saw the sparkling of metal on the horizon. "Wait a minute. Is it me, or is there something familiar about it?"

"I can’t see anything from this distance." Solus squinted her eyes, but to no avail.

"Seriously?" Kamila shapeshifted her eyes and got her answer. "How can you not recognize a wagon from the Wayfinder? We spent two uncomfortable days in there."

"Two days over six months ago." Lith replied. "That’s way beyond my ability to remember irrelevant details."

"That’s our creation!" Solus slapped his shoulder. "How dare you call it irrelevant?"

"My bad." He shrugged. "Why is the first car different from the others?"