Supreme Magus

Chapter 4298: The Nest (Part 2)

She put the portable nest on the Cron’s head, to ensure he wouldn’t lose it.

"Is this how she usually treats you?" He snarled. "Am I supposed to put up with this level of disrespect on a daily basis?"

"You wish." Crash scoffed. "This is her giving you the benefit of the doubt. Wait until you’re not on probation anymore, and you’ll see the real Selia."

’Maybe I worried about the wrong female.’Bash pondered.’The mother sounds much more annoying than the daughter.’

Fenrir was clinging to his neck, gently patting his head and peppering it with kisses.

"Can we try your nest, mister bird? Pretty please?" She asked after feeling how soft and comfortable the quilt was to the touch.

"Sure." He nodded, placing it on the ground below him. "And call me... Bash. No need for honorifics."

’It’s over. I called myself Bash. Now I’m going to carry this stupid name for the rest of my life.’He inwardly sighed.

"Thanks, Bash." Fenrir snuggled under the Cron’s huge feathers, like a chick seeking its parent’s warmth. "It’s so..."

Her voice drifted away as she fell asleep on the spot.

"Can we get inside the nest too, Mom?" The triplets asked.

The Cron looked at the kids and then at their parents, hoping to be spared further humiliation.

"Only if you don’t bother mister Bash and if he’s okay with it." Rena politely nodded at the magical beast.

It was the equivalent of telling him that the choice was up to him, but refusing the Hatchlings of the Crownless King’s sister wasn’t something a proud warrior of the woods would ever do.

"No problem." He sighed.

"So fluffy." Falco yawned.

"So warm." Teryon snuggled under the feathers until only her head was out.

"So..." Lenart and his siblings fell asleep like one, joining Fenrir in her soft snoring.

"Quiet." Rena’s eyes became veiled with tears. "Gods, I can’t believe it’s so early in the morning and yet so quiet already. Can I borrow Bash when I’m having a bad day?"

Selia couldn’t believe her eyes or ears, but she was a practical woman. She put Solkar down near the nest, and the baby boy stepped inside after sniffing the unknown creature a bit.

In less than a minute, he was asleep as well, with a peaceful expression on his face.

"It works! It really works!" Selia’s voice cracked, forcing her to Hush the kids. "Where have you been all my life?"

She hugged the flabbergasted Cron, ruffling his head and giving him plenty of meat.

"I’m sorry about the Bash thing, but I can’t change your name or Lilia, and Leran would be offended."

"What a suck-up!" Crash clicked his tongue.

"Brother my furry behind, this guy is a traitor!" Slash said in outrage.

"I did nothing wrong!" Bash replied. "Also, I’m a Cron and a warrior. Why is everyone treating me like a mother hen?"

Lith and the other parents were also bringing their babies to the nest, and they all fell asleep in seconds like clockwork.

"Well, this is nice." Lith studied the phenomenon. "We’ve found a way to make them nap without any more fuss."

"The poor Bash needs a bigger nest for the task." Elina said, adding more food to the Cron’s bowl. "Make it something that would fit the living room when we spend the evening together, sweetie."

Soon, Bash had so much meat piled up before him that he was sure he would die of indigestion if he ate it all at once.

"Lucky bastard." Lenart’s Byk said. "I didn’t get a name, let alone a morsel of food, before the kid disappeared under your feathery bottom."

"I have many things to say about my name, and none of them is nice." Bash grunted. "But I understand your anger, Byk. Have some meat. We are both part of the Verhen clan now. Let’s forget about the grudge between our old clans and get along."

"What about us?" Falco’s Shyf and Teryon’s Ry asked. "We skipped the morning hunt to come here."

"Help yourself." Bash shrugged. "It’s way too much for me anyway."

"I was waiting for the kids to choose their magical beasts before showing everyone the different aspects of my life force." Solus said. "Yet they fell asleep before I could say anything, and I don’t want to wake them up."

"Don’t you dare!" Quylla whispered angrily. "Orikan and Jirya have never napped without putting up a fight before. There is no telling if this miracle will ever happen again, so let me enjoy it while it lasts."

"I was just saying that I don’t want the kids to miss the show either." Solus replied. "If they do, they will never let us hear the end of it."

"Also, Lenart can use a little bit of happiness." Rena looked at her son’s peaceful expression after so many restless nights. "Thanks for waiting, Solus. Thank you, Bash."

The Cron felt as honored as embarrassed by Rena’s deep bow. He was a born and bred warrior, who was supposed to spill his blood and that of his enemies on the battlefield to earn his glory.

He wasn’t used to being praised just for sitting still.

Protector looked at Leran, hoping that he would join the merry band as well. The young boy too had trouble sleeping, and Ryman hoped the Cron might help Leran with that.

Unfortunately for Protector, Leran walked away to join his friends in their morning practice of magic.

***

Lith Warped the portable nest and its inhabitants inside the Mansion and spent a few minutes enchanting a much larger version. The kids slept until lunch, and the parents used that time to enjoy their long-forgotten hobbies.

Raaz whittled a couple of figurines of his family members while Elina read the first non-magical book since the kidnapping attempt in Lutia.

"I guess the Verhens now have their own version of the Nest." Leegaain chuckled as he looked at the kids. "Too bad it’s completely different from yours."

"It’s the same thing, old lizard." Salaark shook her head. "The purpose of my Nest is to allow the people of the Blood Desert to live and sleep peacefully under our wings, just like Bash is doing. He may not be a Phoenix, but he has the spirit of one."

The Cron couldn’t disagree more. He had just gotten to the Verhen Mansion and already regretted it. He wanted nothing more than to go outside and spread his wings, yet he had to perform a task he didn’t like for the sake of people he barely knew.

Bash didn’t complain only because honor and duty bound him. Moreover, disturbing such weak and helpless creatures on a whim felt cruel to him.

Little did he know that was exactly what every Phoenix in the Desert did every day, hence Salaark’s comment.

At the end of the meal, while Elina prepared tea and coffee for everyone, Solus walked up to Salaark.

"I need a favor, Grandma. Do you mind following me in the other room? It’s a bit of a private matter."

"Don’t worry, dear." The Overlord gently patted her head. "Since you acquired your Divine Beast form, my blood flows into your veins. Your mind is an open book to me from so close."