Supreme Magus

Chapter 4427: Change the Board (Part 1)

"Only if their victims are too afraid to call the constables and testify against their oppressors can a bunch of rotten people gain enough power to expand a gang into a dangerous cartel.

"Your Tablets, your presence, and all the wonders you performed took the fear away, Lith. The people of Lustria trusted you more than they feared the local underworld, so they started reporting crimes and stopped withholding information.

"Corrupt officials were too scared that a Constable might call your wife to keep taking bribes, while the criminals were terrified of ending up like the Frorl Household if they drew your attention.

"After all, if Magus Verhen razed an ancient noble household to the ground and killed hundreds of well-armed guards for a boy he had just met, what would he do to a bunch of low-lives if one of their victims turned out to be someone he cared about?

"Long story short, as the illegal profits plummeted and Lustria became a safer place to live in, more and more crooks moved to the neighboring counties, hoping to restart their criminal careers there.

"Ghishal was just one of the many possible destinations, and at first, our problems weren’t any different from those of the other local lords. I shared with Keyla the resources I no longer needed to fight crime in Lustria, and things settled down quickly."

"That was until a couple of months ago." Keyla said. "We lowered our guard because winter is a hard time for everyone. Even criminals suffer from the cold and can die in a snowstorm, so we assumed the bandits would stay cooped up at home until spring like everyone else.

"Moreover, only the bravest and the best-equipped merchant caravans dare make regular travels when the weather is bad. They are the toughest nut to crack, and they never needed our help in the past.

"We couldn’t predict that an unknown group of gangsters would target those caravans and possess the means to overpower the mercenaries hired to protect them." She sighed. "When the problems started, the merchants reinforced their security, but it wasn’t enough.

"They changed their routes, but the bandits always found them. We helped the merchant guilds at every step of the crisis, providing them with military escorts and better equipment, but nothing changed.

"Innocent people still get injured or killed, and the goods get taken away. Ever since this started, we can count on the fingers of one hand the successful trading expeditions in Ghishal."

"This sounds like a serious problem." Lith pondered. "Why did no one hear about it before, and why didn’t you ask for Brinja’s help?"

"It actually is far from a serious problem." Jadon pinched his nose in frustration. "The increase in armed robberies is barely noticeable compared to the previous years. The only difference is that they succeed almost every damn single time.

"If it weren’t for winter, this wouldn’t be an issue. If two out of ten caravans get hit, it’s not a big deal. Trading goes on, and everybody has what they need to have a comfortable life.

"When two out of two caravans get hit, however, the merchant guilds lose lots of money and people lack even the basic necessities. Everyone has food, but not the necessary tools to repair their house if it gets damaged.

"Without a stable supply of metal, nails and hammers become more valuable than gold. Anything that breaks can’t be replaced. Potions and medical concoctions must be rationed until a cargo finally arrives.

"Until that moment, the villages without a Healer need to face the danger of long-distance travel or see their loved ones die. You can guess the rest."

"I see, but again, why not inform Brinja?" Lith asked.

"Because all the local rulers are in the same situation." Keyla replied. "What’s happening to Ghishal isn’t an isolated phenomenon, and no one wants to be the first to admit they have lost control of their fief.

"It would mean publicly declaring our incompetence, especially while some of the other nobles are having much better success dealing with the influx of new criminals.

"Asking the Marchioness for reinforcements would weaken our position and strengthen the rivals of the Lark Household. Being in charge of a county isn’t a birthright, Lith.

"We’ve been entrusted with the Ghishal County not only as reparations for our mother’s crimes, but also because the Royals needed a loyal retainer and a capable administrator to clean the corruption exposed by the fall of the Ghishal Household.

"Jadon and I have done an excellent job so far, but if we suddenly prove to be incompetent fools, the Crown would take the Ghishal County off our hands and put another noble house in charge of it without batting an eye."

"On top of that, asking the Lord of the Region to deal with a few bands of common criminals is akin to using a fireball to kill a fly." Jadon said. "There is no plague, no magically empowered monster, and no rival household sabotaging our efforts.

"This is supposed to be a routine issue that the combined resources of two Counties should be able to resolve with ease.

"Keyla and I working together doesn’t ease our burden. It only makes our failure more glaring. If we call Brinja, the only way we get to keep the Ghishal County is that she exposes a conspiracy so big that no one can blame us for not noticing it on our own."

"What if I help you?" Lith asked. "Would that put you into trouble?"

"It’s all a matter of optics." Keyla replied. "If we formally ask for your help, it would be even worse than notifying Brinja. If you move on your own, however, it’s fine. You are a Magus and an officer of the law.

"Acting upon the request of the man Locrias met is your right. It would be no different from a Constable investigating a crime that’s been reported to them."

"And that’s exactly how we are going to spin it." Lith tapped on the armrest of his chair. "Kami is still a Constable. She’s on maternity leave, but she can resume active duty at her own discretion.

"If she brings the babies with her and I accompany them to ensure their safety, no one will question my interest in the matter."

’That’s quite the understatement.’Solus inwardly snorted.’Only a noble with a death wish would be dumb enough to mess with you while you’re protecting your family. The Royals would burn their households to the ground before you have the time to raise an eyebrow.’

"It’s an interesting idea, but your presence is bound to send the bandits into hiding." Jadon pointed out. "Even if Kamila finds something, it would lead to a dead end, and the raids would resume the moment you leave."

"True, but only if I help Kami in my official capacity as a Magus ." Lith replied. "If I declare I’m only there to protect my wife and remain in plain sight long enough, the bandits should relax after a while.

"On top of that, even if they lay low and the investigation leads nowhere, the next caravans would still reach their destinations safely. Your people would get the supplies they need, and you can use the respite to identify the breaches in your security."