Supreme Magus

Chapter 4303: No Going Back (Part 1)

Solus’ eagerness to learn how to conjure Origin and Cursed Flames disappeared like a snowball in the sun, and the burst of violet fire she was about to breathe out died in her throat.

"I promise." Solus threw her arms around Lith’s neck, checking that he was alright to dispel the lucid nightmare that still haunted her vision. "I don’t care about purifying metals anymore. Just teach me enough not to hurt you when we fight together."

"You’ve gone from one extreme to the other." He smiled as he gently caressed her head. "The theory behind making Origin Flames phase through your body and purifying metals is the same.

"As long as you don’t practice too much, you’ll be fine. Cursed Flames aren’t a problem either. If you are a full-fledged Demon like I think you are, sooner or later, you’re going to use most kinds of Flames out of survival instinct.

"Tista almost froze herself to death when that happened. I’d rather you know what you are doing and kick some ass than bet everything on dumb luck. Just promise me that you won’t be a Lith and will train responsibly."

"I’ll do more than promise." She nodded. "Mom, come out. I know you’ve been listening to us the whole time."

"I don’t know what you are talking about." Menadion appeared with a book in one hand and a glass of water in the other.

"Nice try, Mom." Solus snorted. "Too bad that your copy of our Void Magic Grimoire is upside down, and as a Demon, you have no need to drink water. Are you opposed to me learning how to use Origin Flames as well, or is spying on us your new hobby?"

Menadion looked at the book and realized that Solus was right. Lith’s and Solus’ Grimoires had no titles for security reasons, and only a small arrow along their spine marked which side was up.

The First Ruler of the Flames had opened the book in haste for her cover story, failing to realize she had grabbed it the wrong way.

"This is one of those moments I regret keeping my extra eyes closed out of habit." She sighed. "Yes, Solus, I agree with Lith on how you should use your Origin Flames. A few breaths here and there in battle are okay.

"Prolonged training and mass purification of enchanted metals, instead, could compromise your recovery. Don’t get me started on Dread Flames, or I could go on all day."

"Don’t worry, Mom, I agree with you two." Solus replied. "I’ll keep my training to a minimum, just enough not to injure myself or others in a chaotic situation. On top of that, I’m not a total beginner.

"I helped Lith practice his control over Origin Flames both alone and under Faluel’s guidance. The problem is that without someone who can use Primal Spark, putting all that theory into practice will require quite some time."

"About that, why don’t you just ask Erghak for help?" Menadion asked. "You are in a friendly relationship with the Fire Dragons, and their bloodline ability would save you a lot of time and risks."

"Because we need the focus of the Council to be on our Blade Weapons, Mom, not on me." Solus said. "If we reveal the news of my evolution to Erghak, he’ll start planning for a way to approach me like he already did for Lith, Tista, and the kids.

"He’s the patriarch, so he’ll ask for the clan elders’ advice, who in turn will discuss potential strategies with their assistants. One slip-up and the entire Fire Dragon clan will know. At that point, it’s only a matter of time before the news leaks out."

"And that’s not the worst part." Lith said. "Valtak used the Dragon Scales along with mind links to explain complex concepts to Tista and me. Then, during the training, he had to check our life forces to ensure we weren’t hurting ourselves.

"If Erghak trains Solus, like Valtak did for me, he’ll find out about her tower half, and from there, things will get messy. This time we are on our own, Ripha."

"Which is why I want you to monitor me with the Eyes whenever I practice with Origin Flames, Mom." Solus concluded. "The moment it detects any form of strain on me or the tower, I want you to stop me.

"Lith and I are stubborn, and we can get so engrossed in our work that we might throw caution to the wind. You are no different, but when it comes to me, you are an obsessive, nagging control freak. I trust you to protect me from myself, Mom."

"I’ve never been insulted so much by someone who’s trying to compliment me." Menadion snorted. "Anyway, I’m your woman, Solus. When do you want to start?"

Solus performed a deep scan of her life force with the Infirmary before answering. According to the tower, she was in perfect shape.

"Right now."

***

The following morning, everyone was still wondering about what Solus’ tower form could do, while the kids kept coming up with high-sounding, braggadocious names for her Dragon aspect that she rejected one after another.

Lith, instead, had a stern expression since the moment he entered the living room and joined the rest of the family for breakfast.

"Is everything alright with Lutia, son?" Raaz couldn’t help but worry that more Awakened had come hunting for the Verhens in the hope of unveiling the secret of human evolution, and innocent people had gotten hurt because of it.

"Lutia is fine, Dad, and so is the rest of the Kingdom. You’ve got nothing to worry about." Lith replied.

"Then why the long face, dear?" Elina asked.

Lenart had finally found his smile again.

It was shy and never lasted long, but Myrdin’s presence uplifted the boy’s mood. They Byk had already licked his bowl clean and was now at Lenart’s feet, begging on his belly for more food like an oversized dog.

Whenever the boy gave something from the table to Myrdin, the Byk licked Lenart’s hand first and then his face, tickling him.

"Because yesterday you gave me your answer about Awakening, Mom, and I have waited until now before saying anything because I wanted to give you the time to reconsider your decision while you still can." Lith said as he ate his bacon.

"Are you sure you want to Awaken? Think about it carefully before answering, because I won’t ask you again."

Elina took a deep breath, knowing that once she crossed that threshold, there would be no going back, and her life would never be the same. She placed her hand over Raaz’s and held it to find her strength.

"Yes, I’m sure, dear." Elina nodded.

"Me too." Raaz said without hesitation.

Rena and Senton needed a few more seconds, but their answer was the same.

"Then there is no point in delaying any longer." Lith said. "I’ll bring you to my secret Awakening spot as soon as we are done with breakfast."

"Can we come too, Uncle Lith?" Lenart asked, and his siblings nodded. "We’ll be quiet as a mouse. We swear."

"Yeah, right." Senton snorted. "So that you can be in your uncle’s secret spot and listen to his instructions as he Awakens us? And what would stop you from Awakening as well?"