Supreme Magus

Chapter 4077: Backtrack a Bit (Part 2)

"It’s possible." Lith said from outside the door. "Also, their Tyrant life force is much more stable than yours. Their Spirit Sphere is weak but otherwise perfect."

It was a mana organ unrelated to Awakening, so they could already see it.

"Too perfect." Morok thought out loud. "It can’t be just because they didn’t open their Spirit Eye. I mean, I used your breathing method all this time and am nowhere near that level of perfection."

"It must be the human blood." Solus said. "It would explain why Garrik, Elysia, Morok, and now Jirya and Orikan are all more stable than their respective parents. After all, they are evolved humans.

"If I’m right, the mother’s blood allowed each bloodline to backtrack a bit and pick a similar but superior development route to their fathers."

"It sounds interesting, but also very clinical." Quylla said. "Can we save research for another day? I’m too tired for this. I just want to enjoy this moment with my family and friends."

"Sorry!" Solus blushed a bit in embarrassment, yet she couldn’t stop her train of thought from reaching its final destination.

’Which means that since I carry Lith’s life force, Elysia wouldn’t have been born like she is now. I’m still a weird hybrid, and my human life force is damaged. It might even hurt my children.’

Meanwhile, someone else was just as torn between embracing the joy she felt for the twins’ birth and wallowing in self-pity.

’This is just great!’Friya’s expression was as fickle as the sea.’Of course, Quylla had to give birth three days before my marriage. I now have one less bridesmaid, everyone will care more about the twins than me, and they will be all that everyone talks about.

’Even worse, it’s too late to postpone the ceremony. Oh, gods, why am I such a bad person? The babies are innocent, and so is Quylla. I should be happy for them, not angry because of them!’

"I’m sorry for ruining this moment, but we still have a marriage to prepare." Nalrond said, drawing all eyes to himself. "Quylla is in good hands, and she’ll probably fall asleep in a while.

"We can leave her to Morok and the Guardians. She won’t even notice our absence, and we can continue with the rehearsal."

"But..." Orion opened and closed his mouth, having no idea how to support one of his little girls without letting down the other.

"Look, I know this sucks, but unless you can be in two places at once, the best we can do is take turns keeping Quylla company." Nalrond raised his hands in a conciliatory gesture. "It will take more rehearsals than planned, but we can do this."

"Agreed." Orion saw the expectant look on Friya’s face and knew it was the right thing to do. "Yet Quylla can’t come, and we can’t ask Morok to leave her side."

"It’s no big deal." Nalrond shrugged. "One less bridesmaid and one less groomsman even things just right."

’Thank you.’Friya held Nalrond’s hand tight to talk via a mind link.’Thank you for having my back and not making me into the bad guy.’

He just smiled and said nothing.

"I’m with Nalrond. Sorry for the mess, brother." Morok opened the door, revealing a dressed and already asleep Quylla.

The twins slept in a crib next to her. Close enough to be at arm’s length but far enough to let Quylla move in her sleep without bumping into them.

"Everyone can take turns but Jirni, Orion, and Selia." The Tyrant said. "The father must walk the bride along the aisle, and the mother should be there."

Jirni narrowed her eyes for a moment and then nodded.

’If this were Phloria’s wedding, I would-’She thought, yet the tightness in her chest didn’t allow her to finish.

"What about me?" Selia asked.

"You must walk the groom." Morok replied.

"I’m not old enough to be his mother!" The huntress grunted.

"No, but you’re the oldest female member of his family. Unless you want to leave it to Lilia." Morok pointed at the young girl.

"I can do it, Mom!" She said, her tail waggling like crazy from under her flower girl’s gown.

"Of course you can, darling." Selia caressed Lilia’s head. "But Uncle Morok is right. "This is my duty, not yours."

Everyone who wasn’t part of the family didn’t take turns to give Quylla space and the Ernas privacy. Tulion, Gunyin, Ryla, and Garrik took the first shift.

The rehearsal went great, and they took a short break to let Orion, Jirni, and Friya check on Quylla.

"We have a problem!" Gunyin ran so fast that he almost bumped into his father.

The Ernas heir had taken from his mother, and he would rarely get flustered. Yet now he was as pale as a ghost and his eyes full of fear.

"The Gernoffs?" Jirni took out her needles, surprised that her magicless son had escaped the ambush and suspecting a trap.

"Worse, the twins!" Gunyin pointed at the corridor instead of the room.

At the ceiling, to be precise.

What looked like small rockets flew above everyone’s head, leaving multicolored contrails in their wake.

"They can fly!" Morok’s voice reached them one split second before him. "Those little rogues can already fly!"

"It makes sense." Lith explained. "Tyrants have energy wings that need no time to strengthen or develop. If I’m right, their speed shouldn’t depend only on their core. I-"

"Less talking, more baby catching!" Jirni said, bolting after the twins with a flight spell.

"How can you be so insensitive?" Orion followed her closely.

"Because this is my house." A snap of Lith’s finger and the Warp Mirror brought the flabbergasted Orikan and Jirya into his arms. "I make the rules here."

Two dense air cushions conjured by air magic allowed him to soften the twins’ landing. At the same time, Lith used Void Magic to disperse and cool their kinetic energy so that the abrupt stop didn’t hurt the babies.

"Damn, I really am a moro-k, Lith." Morok stopped his self-deprecation at the last moment. "I should have called you instead of panicking."

"Don’t be so harsh on yourself." Lith handed the twins back to their father while Jirni and Orion crashed against a wall in surprise, putting the defensive arrays of the Mansion to the test. "You’re a first-time father, and your children have unknown powers.

"You simply got unlucky. If Elysia could fly from day one, I would have reacted just like you."

"The twins can Warp!" For the first time in her life, Jirni was terrified. "We’ll never catch them if they can already use dimensional magic!"

"No, they can’t." Kamila chuckled at the preposterous idea. "Lith just activated the protective arrays of the Mansion. Sorry for making you worry."

"Why didn’t you tell us you could do that instead of letting us crash like mo- like id- like that?" Orion glared at Lith as light fusion fixed his broken nose.

"You didn’t give me the time to." He shrugged. "Next time, trust me. If I say this place can beat the Gernoff, it sure can stop two adorable runaways."

"You’re right." Orion sighed. "I’m sorry for my outburst. Those dashing little rogues messed me up real good."