Supreme Magus

Chapter 3885: Stolen Power (Part 2)

Fire dissipated the kinetic energy of the Soul Cutters, making them as dangerous as giant butter knives. Darkness destroyed everything while also engulfing the area and smothering all forms of magic.

Air produced bolts of lightning that blinded the Wonderer and thunder that deafened him. Together, they also neutralized the Eldritch’s Elemental Curse and left Raum open to Leegaain’s next attack.

’Curse you, Father! You know Spirit Magic is lost to me, and even with my newfound Dragon Eyes, I can neither replicate or understand Roaring Destruction!’The Wonderer thought as Father of Wrath lunged at the main power core that fueled the Soul Cutter blade.

The Guardian’s weapon pierced through space, Chaos, and the power core, but to no avail.

Before the Guardian weapon could reach its target, the power core located where once Raum’s heart had been pulsed to life, conjuring a Chaos Steps inside the Eldritch’s body.

Suddenly, half of Father of Wrath was millimeters away from its target, and the other half appeared over a thousand kilometers away, in the middle of the ocean and on the turf of an unfriendly Guardian.

’That’s how Raum disposed of the Fury and the Absolution despite Lith’s darkness-sealing array!’Leegaain thought, desperately trying to halt his own momentum before it was too late.

’Thanks to Forbidden Magic, all the power cores inside of Raum’s body are connected to his life force and work akin to fusion magic. Arrays can stop their effects only when he projects them outside.’

The Wonderer shut down the Chaos Steps a split second after opening it, sundering Father of Wrath. Davross had natural self-repair properties, but the missing half was too far away for Leegaain to perceive it, and it would take too long for the enchanted metal to return.

To make matters worse, without half of its runes and mana crystals, the Guardian weapon was incapable of activating any of its powerful enchantments.

"You should have listened to me, old lizard!" Raum’s laugh oozed with mockery and spite. "I spent millennia preparing for this fight. I knew that I couldn’t beat your prized blade so I found a way to remove it from the equation."

The Eldritch activated another of his artificial abilities, Flash and Blood. The power core turned the Eldritch’s body into a massive Chaos-infused lightning bolt that struck the remaining half of Father of Wrath and traveled through its metal.

Leegaain resisted the spasms with darkness fusion and the electricity with earth fusion, but Raum was far from done.

He reappeared right in front of the Guardian, still carrying the momentum of the living thunder and delivering the full might of his hundreds of power cores in a precise, straight punch aimed at the heart.

There was no time to conjure the Soul Cutter and no need to.

"Congratulations, old lizard. You’ve forced me to go all-out." Raum’s punch carried the mass of the dozens of Divine Beasts whose stolen life force was stored inside his feed cores. "I wanted to take my time with you.

"I have gained several new abilities, and an opponent who can last long enough to allow me to put them all to the test is hard to come by. Yet if you don’t want to play along, that’s fine as well."

Even in his compressed form, Leegaain still weighed like a 50 meters (166’) tall Dragon. That single punch sent him flying, but not before breaking his scales, shattering his ribs, and piercing through his lungs.

Raum reverted to his lightning form and resumed the chase the moment the Guardian’s feet left the ground. Each time Raum caught up with his prey, he delivered another blow that accelerated Leegaain’s further and crippled one of his limbs.

The Guardian developed six more heads like a Hydra and used the Life Merge bloodline ability to evenly redistribute the damage he had taken until that moment over all of his body.

With his lungs healthy enough to draw in a deep breath, he used one head to hurl a river of Primordial Flames and the others to cast six different Guardian Tier Spells in the Blink of an eye.

"Not bad, old lizard, but as you said, it’s not good enough. Have you forgotten about this?" The Hungry Soul shield appeared on Raum’s left hand, intercepting the six spells with the Decay Bastion it had been enchanted with.

Before the Primordial Flames could reach the Bastion and burn it open, Raum activated his Parasite Blossom power core to become one with the ground and escape the onslaught.

The Chaos of his body spread and mixed with the earth element, allowing him to swim below the surface while Mogar itself protected him from the brunt of the Guardian’s fury.

The Wonderer emerged from the ground right below the Father of All Dragons, who welcomed his lost son with the Guardian Tier Void Magic spell, Quakestorm.

The earth element turned into air, leaving Raum’s elemental form exposed. Before he could activate Flash and Blood again, Quakestorm reverted part of the lightning bolts Leegaain had conjured into lodestones.

They were too small to host the Eldritch’s body, but big enough to form an electrified cage that would also disrupt Parasite Blossom’s effects.

"I bet you’ve never seen this!" Quakestorm connected the ground with clouds in the sky, conjuring an endless stream of natural lightning bolts that travelled through the lodestones at the speed of light.

The cage surrounded the Guardian from every side without ever touching him and formed an impenetrable defense.

’What is this spell and why can’t I understand it even with Dragon Eyes?’Raum felt his body torn apart by the waterfall of lightning bolts and acted before it was too late.

He activated his anti-Dragon power core, the secret of his success in capturing so many Wyrms, even those as powerful as Xenagrosh. The Winter Kiss power core turned the Wonderer into a Chaos-infused cold wave.

The temperature in the area dropped by over two hundred degrees, bringing Leegaain’s Void Magic to a halt. Quakestorm flooded Raum’s water form even better than before, but Eldritches were resistant to all elements.

The Chaos that comprised his body allowed him to survive the thunderstorm simply by consuming part of the life force and mana stored in his feed cores. Leegaain, however, wasn’t so lucky.

Cold was the bane of all Dragons. It sapped their strength and smothered their inner fire. Raum’s Winter Kiss, however, was much worse. It not only froze the humidity in the air, but it also infected the water element with Chaos.

The Wonderer had failed to get close to Leegaain, but thanks to Winter Kiss it was as though he were crushing Leegaain in a deadly embrace. The cold robbed the Father of All Dragons of his strength while the Chaos of his life.

Black ice covered his form, quickly turning him into a frozen sculpture. Leegaain never stopped struggling. He stoked his inner fire with his life force and conjured one spell after the other, but his efforts only resulted in a slight trembling in the ice crystals.

"Too bad, Father." Raum decided to address the Guardian with the respect he deserved. "You found me before I could complete my experiments, and I have to admit that you are still a bit more powerful than I am."