Supreme Magus

Chapter 4339: No Nickname (Part 1)

***

"One Verhen down. Only two more to go." Jorl was still speaking when Dusk Wraith came down on Solus’ head like a meteor.

"Nah." A mocking voice said as something hit the Storm Griffon like an avalanche, crushing his Spirit Barrier, Starpath armor, and body despite the Life Maelstrom enhancing their toughness tenfold.

"No dimensional magic and alone against us plus an army of Golems. What could you possibly do?" The Book of Knowledge smirked, and Lith’s whole world went black.

The tier five Chaos Spell, Void Hunger, erased an entire squadron of Golems, Salanoth’s artifacts, and Uragar’s spells from existence without so much as scratching the Tiamat’s Voidwalker armor.

Lith’s blindness lasted less than a second, and when he could see again, he had no idea what had just happened.

"Boy!" The voice cut through the roars of elemental blasts and explosions like a hot knife through butter. "This isn’t part of our deal. If you called me here only to save your life, you and I are going to have a problem."

Tezka the Suneater punched the air above him without using Fusion Magic or releasing a spell, yet the resulting shockwave cleared the area around the Rezar of Golems and noise alike.

"There!" Among his many talents, Nalrond had the gift of brevity. "That’s the one you’re looking for."

Tezka’s eyes followed the extended claw and met Salanoth’s terrified gaze.

"No!" She cursed her bad luck in all the languages she had learned over the millennia. "Anyone but him!"

"That insignificant girl?" Golems knew no fear and attacked Tezka the moment the Scouts and the Ring of Space marked him for extermination. "Are you sure?"

The constructs charged at him in droves and fell in droves. Their elemental blasts bounced harmlessly over the Fylgja’s silver and black fur, whereas his ten tails swatted the Golems down like pesky flies.

The stone bodies of the constructs didn’t just break. They turned into dust, vapor, frozen shards, lost their enchantments, split into their base materials, or just disappeared.

"Yes." The Agni nodded. "She’s the one who’s sealing the space. Didn’t you notice how she controlled those artifacts from a distance?"

"Wasn’t that Spirit Magic?" Tezka had not recovered Life Vision, so he needed a quick spell to confirm Nalrond’s words. "Order and Chaos, you are right. That was a mix of gravity and dimensional magic. Remarkable."

"If the space is sealed, how in the gods’ names did that guy get in?" Jorl asked as the healing spells of the Starpath armor restored his spine and lungs enough for him to breathe again.

"That ’guy’ is the legendary Tezka the Suneater." Salanoth said. "He must have found a way to apply the Chaos element to dimensional magic and tear the space open when he Warps.

"You can’t see it, but there’s a dimensional rift where he appeared. Only time or a special spell can close it."

"You noticed that?" Tezka’s ears twitched in surprise. "Color me surprised. Meeting a fellow dimensional mage is already rare. Bestowing any level of dimensional awareness upon a cursed object is something that’s supposed to be impossible, let alone creating an artificial dimensional mage of your caliber.

"I would be tempted to spare you, if you didn’t carry the stench of that loser of Meln Narchat on you. Do you mind telling me who created you, kid?"

The Ring of Space had already shapeshifted her host into her Upyr form, and the smell of Orpal’s blood that wafted through the air was strong enough to make Tezka retch.

"Verhen is one thing, but the Suneater?" A Drake-Upyr took a few steps towards the exit.

"If we stay here, we’re dead." A Treant-Upyr reverted to his Fae form, knowing that his Divine Beast size and mass offered him no protection against the Fylgja.

"I don’t answer dead Fylgjas." Salanoth ignored her fellow Upyrs and stared Tezka in the eyes. "Goodbye."

Tezka smiled at her naivety and swept his tails at the incoming battalion of Golems.

"You are not getting out of here, kid. Not until-" A snap of the Ring of Space’s fingers cut him short.

The volley of elemental blasts hit him with the force of a speeding train, and his tails now harmlessly bounced off the line of Shield Golems. Tezka tried to dodge, but he was too slow.

He tried to shove the constructs away, but the same punches that until a moment ago had produced a small-scale natural disaster now wouldn’t affect anyone but their immediate target.

"Kill him while he’s weak!" Salanoth roared. "Don’t give him the time to come up with some trick to save his skin!"

"How did you do that?" Tezka conjured a tier four Chaos Magic, Void Hollow, to block the constructs’ relentless barrage. "How did you cut me off my Suneater spell? I didn’t just charge in here like a moron.

"I checked, and this place has no enchantment powerful enough to do that."

"As I said, I don’t answer dead Fylgjas, old fox." A wave of the Ring of Space’s hand recalled the Adamant and Davross fragments of her destroyed artifact, bringing them close enough to activate their self-repair abilities.

At the same time, Jorl infused Uragar and Salanoth with more Life Maelstrom that the Book of Knowledge used to conjure three sets of Griffon Fetters. The first one wrapped itself around Void Hollow and shattered it.

The second set bound Tezka’s limbs and suppressed his aura while the third bundle of Griffon Fetters chained him to the ground, limiting his mobility. The Upyrs saw his strength plummet via Life Vision and felt it in their guts.

The paralyzing fear that had numbed their limbs until a moment ago, and the desperate cries to run away of their survival instinct were gone. Three Upyrs charged at the Fylgja, striking at him with their weapons infused to the brim with Thunder Soul.

The other Upyrs had to wait their turn. Uragar had already unleashed another volley of tier five Spirit Spells, and he wouldn’t hesitate to sacrifice an ally to achieve a kill shot.

The enchanted Adamant weapons pierced through Tezka’s vitals and came out from the other side, while Uragar’s spell blew up large sections of the Fylgja’s body, spreading the stench of burned fur.

"What about now?" The Fylgja coughed up a mouthful of black blood. "Don’t I deserve to at least know the identity of the genius who orchestrated my demise?"

"You deserve nothing, you monster!" Salanoth foamed at the mouth, feeling her programming overriding her rationality. "Stop pretending to be defeated. I’ve lived long enough to know when someone is deadly wounded and when they are just suppressing their strength."

"In my defense, I wasn’t pretending." Tezka flexed his muscles, snapping the weapons trapped inside his body into multiple parts and regenerating his damaged tissues. "I only recently got this new body, and I’ve yet to test its limits.

"You and your loser friends are the perfect sparring partners for a little warm-up."

Before his assailants could react, Tezka’s fur formed thick black spikes that pierced through the Upyrs’ enchanted protections and drained their vitality with Abomination Touch.

"You should have taught your little friends that it’s never a good idea to get too close to someone like me, kid."