Supreme Magus

Chapter 4210: Numerical Advantage (Part 1)

"I am the leader of this group." The silvery Horde said after making sure that Loma shrouded the fungus folk with their body. "I’m Ygri of the Hordes. I was born in Verendi, and this is my continent, son of the Lost Guardian."

The use of the ancient title that the other Divine Beast species had given to the Isharas out of pity made the Elder flinch.

"You have no authority here, and I won’t let you take my sibling away, no matter what you may offer. We have nothing to talk about."

"I’m not so sure about that." Imosi said with an amiable tone. "We are indeed foreigners, but we found the fungus folk first. He is our quarry, and you have no claim over him. We know Hordes can’t reproduce, so none of you is bound by blood.

"You two are no more related than I am to any scorpion I may encounter in these desolate lands."

"I’ll try to be clearer." Ygri’s voice became colder. "I don’t care about your quibbling. I won’t let you take away our youngest. Even if you succeed, you’ll make the entire Horde race your enemy. Are you willing to go to war for this?"

"Making an enemy out of seven Awakened can hardly be called a declaration of war. More like a squabble." Imosi’s mandibles released a chittering laugh. "Remember that there are eight of us here and only two of you, plus your helpers.

"It’s not just a matter of having the numerical advantage. We can use Silverwing’s spells, and you can’t. Once you and the other Horde are dead, there will be only five of you left. Are you Hordes willing to go extinct to save one fungus folk?"

The two threats were similar, yet the Ishara’s hit the hardest. It took everyone but a glance to confirm that while the Elder parlayed, the other seven Divine Beasts weaved Silverwing’s Annihilation.

’Damn if I hate smart enemies.’Solus thought.’That’s why they didn’t surround us. Why spread out when they can form a united front and kill us all with a single blast?’

"Yes." The finality in Ygri’s word took everyone by surprise, and so did the Horde’s sudden attack.

The silvery mist charged at the Ishara Elder without hesitation or warning, engulfing Imosi in spores from head to toe. If the other Isharas attacked Ygri, they would kill Imosi. If they attacked someone else, Ygri would kill Imosi.

"You’re just playing in our hand, you fool!" The Elder donned his equipment and grew to his full size, reaching 30 meters (100’) of height. "I was willing to let you go not to anger Mogar, but now that you cowardly attacked me, I have no reason to hold back.

"Why take only one mere fungus folk when I can get him and two Hordes? With three of your kind to study, learning the secret of the white core will be much easier. Mogar is smiling on us!"

A bolt of silver lightning increased Ishara’s prowess tenfold, and a blast of energy the size of a building erupted from the weapon hidden below his abdomen. It punched a hole through the silvery mist, vaporizing the Horde’s spores on contact despite the Adamant droplets coating them.

When the energy beam hit the meadows, it had still enough power to dig a hole in the ground so deep that even the Awakened’s eyes couldn’t see its bottom.

"If you say so." The silvery mist grew in size along with the Ishara, swarming him from every side with a barrage of attacks too small for the Elder to block.

Imosi swung a bident in front and above his head, but the razor-sharp Adamant blades cut nothing. The empowering effect of Life Maelstrom only made it easier for the spores to ride the air currents generated by the bident’s movements and avoid the blows.

Ygri hit the Ishara Elder like a hail of Adamant. Each blow was weak, but together they formed a relentless avalanche that hammered at every millimeter of the Divine Beast’s body.

The spores became as thin as needles when they moved around, and curled into spheres when they struck. It was only a matter of time before they found or created an opening in Imosi’s armor.

’When that happens, the hail will turn into a plague that will eat me alive!’The Elder inwardly cursed.

His best option was to reunite with his allies and get rid of the Horde with their help, but the silvery mist blinded him. Between the change in size and the storm enveloping him, Imosi couldn’t tell north from south, let alone find his comrades.

He could Blink away, but he would risk getting even further away from the other Isharas or even getting hit by friendly fire.

’Kill the intruders, but capture the Hordes. We need them alive!’Anaka said via a mind link the moment the silvery Horde attacked their elder.

She charged herself and her equipment with Life Maelstrom, and her comrades followed her lead. As for Solus and her group, they executed the plan she had devised after discovering they were against a group of unknown Divine Beasts.

Loma Blinked to Kalla’s side, leaving the fungus folk with her after reassuring the youth that she was a trustworthy ally. Kalla was much stronger than any newborn magical beast, but with her bright blue core, she was no match for a Divine Beast.

She was tasked to protect the fungus folk, while the creature’s presence would stop the Divine Beasts from using powerful spells to avoid killing their prey.

Loma then Warped right in the middle of the Isharas, unleashing a tier five spell on each one of them. The Divine Beasts saw the dimensional door opening with Life Vision, but there was nothing they could do about it.

The orange Horde kept their spores too scattered for blades and maces to destroy more than a handful with each hit, and there were millions of spores shrouding the Divine Beasts like a thundercloud.

In one move, Loma had thrown the enemy formation into disarray and neutralized their best weapons. Even if the Isharas decided to stick close to each other and offer him an easy target, they couldn’t use Silverwing’s Annihilation anymore.

The orange spores were filled to the brim with mana, blocking both the Divine Beasts’ regular sight and Life Vision.

Solus and Nyka Blinked in different directions, not to offer an easy target and force the enemy to split their focus.

The Isharas unleashed several blasts of the tier five Spirit Spell, Phoenix Smash. The emerald flames could burn both matter and energy, and were the best tool to deal with an opponent as crafty as a Horde.

The multiple spells burned most of the fungal Awakened to ashes, but they also gravely injured the Divine Beasts. Only the caster of each Phoenix Smash was immune to its effects, while everyone else suffered it as much as the Horde.

’Fools!’Loma thought.’I didn’t spread my mist body around just to stop the Isharas from unleashing the Annihilation on my allies, but also to turn their own teamwork against them.

’The Isharas think they remember the position of their companions, but the shockwaves from my spells pushed them around the battlefield.’