Supreme Magus

Chapter 4276: Tower Force (Part 2)

"Those are more than simple enchantments." Salaark shifted the point of view away from the giant violet and close to the energy cocoon that surrounded the galaxy, allowing everyone to discern its true nature.

"That’s not an energy field." Lith said. "That’s a power core."

"That’s the tower core, to be precise." Menadion pointed out as soon as she recognized enough of her creation to be sure of her findings. "Or rather, part of it. Most of those runes are new, and I’ve never seen them before."

"That’s because as the tower healed Solus, Solus changed the tower." Salaark explained. "They are intertwined, and they have grown together for the past eighteen years. The magic you created became part of your daughter, Ripha.

"It became part of a living being, gaining the seventh element. The element of life. That’s why all the pieces of the Master Set have developed a Spirit Crystal, and despite the tower being seven hundred years old, its enchantments are brand new.

"You fused the tower core and Solus’ life force, creating a tower force."

No one uttered a word for a while. They were too stunned by the revelation and dazzled by the way cold crystals and metal melded with the warmth of the elemental stars.

"That’s beautiful, Auntie Solus." Teryon said. "When I grow up, I want to be as sparkly as you."

"Gods, no!" Rena and Solus said in unison. "I mean, let’s talk about this again when you are older."

"Is there anything else we have missed, Grandma?" Lith said, eager to change the topic.

"I’d say this is more than enough, Featherling." Salaark replied. "You should all take your time and rest. You have spent a lot of energy and have much to think about."

"I would love to do that, but there’s no rest for the wicked." Faluel used her breathing technique on herself to recover her strength. "I need a place to train with Gungnir without putting myself or others in danger, and the Firing Range is not an option.

"Any suggestions?"

"You can use the same spots Lith used for his own Blade Spell practice, Faluel." Salaark said. "The Desert is big, and you’ll be my honored guest if you are in a rush. Otherwise, I suggest you wait until the tower is done with the repairs."

"I am in a rush." The Hydra replied. "The longer before Lith can demonstrate that his promise for a Blade Weapon in exchange for help is not just hot air, the less the Awakened community will consider the reward impressive.

"To achieve the maximum effect, we must display Gungnir’s prowess while the news of the attack is still on everyone’s lips. Helping Lith to keep his family safe is promptly rewarded with a masterpiece, that’s the message we want to send."

"If this is everything, we’ll take our leave." Dawn stood up, quickly followed by Acala. "Thank you for your trust, Solus. I believe that today, Zepho and I have learned a lot about the depth our bond can reach and how rewarding it can be."

The Horseman gave Solus a bow so deep that her long raven-black hair touched the ground. Acala bowed just as deeply, but with his short hair, it left a much shallower impression.

"I’m glad that you’ve taken a step further towards recovery, Solus, and also humbled by your new Forgemastering technique." Baba Yaga pondered. "I’ll take a bit of time to rethink my own technique and maybe change my tower a bit.

"If anything happens or if you need someone to talk to, however, just give me a call, and I’ll run."

"I have no idea what Yaga and Dawn are talking about, but I’m glad you shared with me the changes in your life force, Solus." Lochra said. "Once again, you’ve proven me wrong, but this time I’m just happy for you.

"Get plenty of rest and do not exert yourself. I hope that once the tower is done with the repairs, you’ll invite me for a tour of the new floors. Until that moment, I’ll stay out of your hair."

"Thanks, Dawn. Thanks, Malyshka." Solus shapeshifted into her human form and hugged them in turns. "We couldn’t have Forgemastered Gungnir without you. Thanks for your understanding, Aunt Loka."

Baba Yaga, Dawn, and Silverwing Warped away, quickly followed by Salaark, Faluel, and Fyrwal. The Elder Hydra had no Blade Weapon, but she was curious about Gungnir’s prowess and hoped the glaive might work for her as well.

***

Solus shared the news of her transformation with the rest of their guests during lunch. She wanted Orion and Jirni to count on her help against the Gernoff, and Garrik and Ryla not to be surprised when she joined them for their exercises.

"This was a long day." Solus sighed. "I want to eat a lot, sleep a lot, rinse and repeat until I’m tired of it."

"I hear you. I’m still at the green core, yet my last breakthrough was a nightmare." Jirni stared at her in disbelief. "Yet I can’t see any difference from this morning. The way you move, the ease with which you control your strength, everything is the same."

Those words made Solus spit out her drink, realizing how careless she had been while in the presence of someone as observant as Jirni.

"That’s because Auntie Solus always weighed a lot." Lilia snickered, and so did the other children. "She’s used to handling a massive body."

"You rude rascals!" Solus blushed hard, only partly grateful for the deflection on her behalf.

"Also, isn’t it a bit late?" Orion asked. "Tista and Lith had their bloodline awakening at the blue core. Why did Solus’ happen only now?"

"My Divine Beast blood must have been more diluted than theirs." Solus had prepared the answer to such a question. "Recovering the powers of such a distant ancestor is no exact science. It happens so rarely that there’s barely any record of it."

"Can you show it to us?" Garrik asked, his eyes sparkling with curiosity and enthusiasm.

"Sure, but I can only manifest my base form." Solus replied. "I’m still beat from the breakthrough, and my life force has yet to stabilize."

She shapeshifted along with her clothes, taking care that her armor seamlessly overlapped with the crystals protruding from her skin.

"So cool." Garrik looked up and down her majestic figure. "Are you a metal Dragon or a crystal one?"

He pointed at her eyes and feathered wings.

"I have no clue about that." She replied, her voice sounding like the crackling of fire in a furnace. "I’m not a Tiamat, that’s for sure."

"She’s also short!" Aran pointed out.

"I’m not short. I’m taller than you!" Solus replied.

"No, you are not." Leria tutted. "During the Demon Dirge, Aran and I were taller than that. You are still shorter than Uncle Lith and Auntie Ryla."

Lith stood up, proving Leria’s point.

"You’re a Divine Shortie, Auntie." Aran chuckled, making Solus’ eyes blaze with mana and her face mask with violet fire.

"Ungrateful brats." Solus reverted to her human form. "No more toys for you."

"Please, Auntie, no!" The children begged. "How can your heart be so much smaller than your belly?"

They drummed on her abdomen, which had returned soft and plump.

"This does it!" Solus blushed deeply and chased the kids as they bolted away, laughing.