Supreme Magus

Chapter 3800: Ruugat of the Earth (Part 1)

"Then, as soon as I find the next Tree, I will pass on to them everything I learned and am. I’ll go back to being a World Sapling and forfeit my powers and knowledge. This way, the new Yggdrasill will be untouched by madness and filled with the optimism of youth.

"I trust them to follow my example and learn from the mistakes of our ancestors. I owe you much, Lord Verhen. Not only my life, but also the future of the Yggdrasill bloodline. As I see it, you’ve saved us. You saved Mogar."

"That’s it?" Solus turned to Aalejah, who once again confirmed the sincerity of those words. "Well, then. You’re welcome. You can leave now."

She had agreed to participate in the meeting to face her fears and not let her trauma dictate her actions, but the mere voice of the Yggdrasill made her stomach twist into a knot.

"I also came to apologize to you, Lady Verhen." The Tree/Chronicler lowered his head further. "And to offer you my help against this foe. Or rather, the help of my Chroniclers. World Trees are not supposed to interfere with the course of history, but true apologies require actions, not cheap words."

Everyone looked shocked, but Lith more than the others.

"Has relinquishing the power of the World Tree and reverting to a Sapling always been an option?" He asked.

"No one has ever tried to reverse the process, but yes. I’ll do it, even if it costs me my life." The Tree/Chronicler nodded. "Why?"

"Because that means that the lineage of the World Tree is even madder than I thought." Lith replied. "I appreciate your effort, but that’s not enough for me to trust you, let alone erase the pain you inflicted upon my companion.

"I don’t need or want your help. Your presence is enough to trigger Solus’ trauma, and I won’t compromise her mental health, no matter how helpful you might be. Solus at the top of her game is worth a thousand of your Chroniclers."

"If that’s your will, I will respect it." The Yggdrasill replied. "Lady Verhen?"

"I couldn’t have said it better." She swallowed hard, glad that Lith had taken that burden off her hands.

"One last thing." Lith said as Zak’Nar stood up and the vines started retreating into the wooden staff. "If I spot a single Chronicler anywhere near the battlefield, I’ll consider them hostile and react with extreme prejudice.

"This is my final notice. You and your people are not allowed to spectate the fight. Stay away from Solus and I."

***

Vladion’s Headquarters, a few minutes later.

The First Vampire had arranged a large tent to host the leaders of the allied forces and share his attack plan with them.

"First of all, let me explain the powers at the disposal of our enemy." He looked his guests in the eyes one by one. "All lost cities are dangerous, but Ruugat of the Earth poses a threat to Jiera like no other.

"I know because I was there when he rose from the ground for the first time and contributed to sealing him. The mad mages who built him based their work on the assumption that an indestructible body was the key to achieving both immortality and invincibility.

"Ruugat was made of stone when he was Forgemastered, but he quickly turned into something more. He possesses the power to refine the materials that comprise his body infinitely.

"Given enough time, Ruugat can turn the most porous of stones into gold-veined marble and any metal into Davross. Think of him as a giant, living mine. Of course, to do it, Ruugat’s enchantments need a stable power source.

"That’s why he needs a mana geyser. Without it, the refinement process is so slow that it would take him centuries to turn even one drop of silver into Orichalcum. On top of that, the better the starting materials available, the less time he needs.

"He took residence in Detemer to exploit its mines. Adamant turns into Davross faster than any other metal, and solid granite doesn’t take long to become gold-veined marble."

At those words, Lith and Solus turned toward Menadion, who stared back at them and smirked.

’I didn’t know about this.’She said via the mind link. ’It’s the first time I heard of this Ruugat.’

’Then why the smirk, Mom?’Solus asked.

’Because your mother is such a genius that in less than 300 years, she achieved the same on her own and without Forbidden Magic. That’s why.’ Menadion replied, puffing her chest out with pride.

’And I’m willing to bet your version is even faster since you employed modern magic and split the task among several specialized floors.’Lith nodded.’The word genius doesn’t make you justice, Ripha.’

’Keep going.’Menadion’s smile had become so wide that everyone stared at her in confusion.

"What’s the reason for your hilarity in such dire times, Ruler Menadion?" Vladion asked. "Do you know how to defeat Ruugat?"

"No, I’m sorry." Ripha blushed in embarrassment. "I spaced out for a minute. Please, continue."

"As I was saying, the longer we wait, the more powerful Ruugat will become, but it gets even worse." The First Vampire said. "Ruugat is called ’of the Earth’ because his makers believed that defense was the best offense.

"That if their child could endure enough of a beating, even Guardians would tire themselves out and be defeated. For this reason, those crazy yet genius mages used Forbidden Magic to give Ruugat the same ability as Davross to channel the earth element."

"Are you telling us that the lost city has a power almost on par with Mana Body?" Milea Genys, the Magic Empress, considered the matter important for the future of the Gorgon Empire enough to attend the meeting in person.

"I wish." The First Vampire shook his head. "Ruugat’s enchantments create a protective aura almost on par with Mana Body, but that’s not all. The precious materials he collects and refines not only strengthen his body, but they also multiply the effectiveness of his impenetrable aura.

"To make matters worse, since it’s an enchantment and not a bloodline ability, Ruugat can freely cast any spell he knows and use all of his magical abilities while conjuring the power of the earth element."

The room burst into a series of worried conversations as the generals assessed the power of their enemy.

"Let me get this straight." Raagu Drerian, Human Representative from Garlen, said. "Ruugat has a body stronger than an Awakened Divine Beast, since even they are made of flesh and blood.

"Also, the lost city constantly refines himself, can cast spells and activate enchantments while shielding himself with a nigh-invulnerable aura. Am I forgetting something?"

"No, Milady. All you’ve said is correct." Vladion nodded.

"Then how are we supposed to win?" Syrah, the Hati Queen, asked. "I’m not going to throw away the lives of my people on a wish."

Elves, Merfolk, plants, and humans from all countries agreed with her assessment.

"It’s not a wish, Milady." Vladion smiled at Syrah, his face a mask of confidence. "Mana Body has a weak point. Origin Flames. That’s why I invited Supreme Magus Verhen to join us. With Great Mage Tista’s help, things will be easier than I planned."