Supreme Magus

Chapter 3975: Failed Experiment (Part 2)

The idea of Baba Yaga passing judgment on those she deemed unworthy of her gift of undeath made him worry that he might be one of them were she to dig out his past.

"I wish." The Red Mother sighed. "I’m not a monster, and I don’t kill undead, even Liches, just because I don’t like them. It takes someone with mad talents and plans on par with Arthan to push me to intervene.

"Sadly enough, only Liches have so far fit the bill. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t wish to kill any of my true children, but while all other undead races sooner or later gave birth to someone as mad as Arthan, their talent was nowhere near the Mad King’s.

"They were just arrogant idiots who got killed by their own Court without the need for me to intervene."

"Is that because Liches are naturally superior to the rest of us?" Cyrra asked. "I mean, they suffer from none of the weaknesses that plague your true children."

"No, it’s because they are more focused." Baba Yaga replied. "While you guys waste time on power plays, hunting parties, and politics, Liches live for their work. They often achieve in one year what takes the best among you a century."

Those words offended and outraged Cyrra and Bhaz, but they couldn’t deny the truth behind them. The Night and Dawn Courts pursued vastly different goals, but their members spending little of their waking time in pursuit of groundbreaking magical research was one of the few things they had in common.

The raw physical power that the undead gained from feeding and their bloodline abilities made them superior to most Awakened. It also made them arrogant enough to forget about developing their magic and rely mostly on their bodies in combat.

"Why is the Harmonizer so low?" Bhaz put his pride aside and focused on the business at hand.

"Finally, a smart question." Baba Yaga snorted. "It’s low because this way, even if beheading an undead is supposed to kill them, most of their body retains its enhanced life force, and the undead would survive long enough to reattach it.

"If the Harmonizer were severed along with the head, instead, the main body would revert to its original state and die instantly."

"It’s useless to me, but it can save the members of quite a few undead races." Bhaz nodded.

"On top of that, among the many powers this Harmonizer gives you, there should be the ability to transform into one element." Baba Yaga ignored the remark and continued her explanation. "Give it a try, but stop when I ask you."

The Dawn King focused inward, discovering that the flow of the elements wasn’t the only thing unlocked by the vigorous flow of world energy produced by the Harmonizer.

His life force expanded and contracted as though following the rhythm of a beating heart he no longer had. Soon, he noticed that the rhythm was just a small part in a grandiose symphony produced by his life force.

When Bhaz identified it and let the melody carry him, his body turned into a living mass of blood.

He learned by instinct that now he could shapeshift without Body Sculpting, altering his size and features at will. He could now seep into the smallest crack in a wall and emerge on the other side with any appearance he wanted, no matter if human, animal or insect.

Moreover, Bahz knew that no matter the number and kind of limbs he chose to develop, he would move them with the mastery of someone born with them.

"Stop right there." The Red Mother said, and did as bidden. "Do you see the issue?"

"Yes." The Dawn King’s enthusiasm burst like a soap bubble.

The Harmonizer was still a solid piece of metal, and it would not shapeshift with its wearer.

"The moment you transform completely, you’ll lose the Harmonizer and with it your new powers." Baba Yaga said. "It’s an annoyance now, but a deadly mistake on the battlefield."

"Still, it’s a powerful tool." Bhaz developed multiple arms, a stinger, pincers, and wings, making himself as big as an Emperor Beast and as thin as a lamppost.

"Indeed." Baba Yaga nodded. "Come. We have to check one last thing."

She opened a Warp Steps leading to the surface and beckoned him to join her under the sunlight.

While the rest of the undead wobbled in dizziness from the abundant light element, Bahz felt nothing. He smirked at Cyrra and walked through the Steps, basking in morning glow for the first time in centuries.

"I can’t believe it!" He said while laughing in exhilaration. "You did it, Red Mother. You’ve allowed me to conquer undeath and even the sun-"

The layer of darkness around him thinned at a discernible rate, and fear froze Bhaz’s blood. The moment he felt his body burning in agony, he bolted back into the Steps and into the embrace of the shadows.

"I never meant to create a master race, child." Baba Yaga stepped inside the underground room as well and closed the Warp Steps behind her. "Your weakness to sunlight is intentional.

"Yet since Meln’s Upyrs have no such problem, I can’t let them exterminate you so easily. The Harmonizer you carry gives you the time to hide or conjure a Steps before the sun turns you into ashes, and I expect you to use that little time wisely."

"I will." The Blood Warlock panted, watching a new layer of darkness forming around him. "I have one last question, however. How do you expect me to make a difference? Your Harmonizer is powerful, but not that powerful."

"I don’t expect you to win the war to come on your own, silly child. I expect you to lead your people and teach them just like I taught you." A wave of Baba Yaga’s hand opened her dimensional pocket and released a hill-sized pile of Harmonizers so high that it reached the ceiling.

Bhaz estimated there were thousands of them. More than enough for the Dawn Court warriors scattered across the various underground fortresses around Garlen.

"Not to sound ungrateful, but this will create tensions with our allies." The Dawn King turned to look at Cyrra.

Rage, envy, and humiliation ravaged her heart with a strength that not even Baba Yaga’s presence could suppress. The Banshee’s face was twisted in a grimace of pure hatred, and her body twitched with barely-contained power.

"How is that?" The Red Mother walked up to Cyrra and put a Harmonizer on her neck as well.

Shockwaves released from her body lifted the Banshee from the ground and propelled her across the room like a living meteor of destruction. Her scream had not only grown in power, but it now answered her every command.

Cyrra could emit powerful vibrations by spending negligible mana and use them as a shield, a weapon, or just to fly around. Anything that came in contact with the solid sound barrier around her suffered the effects of a localized quake.

"Everything I told Bahz applies to you as well." Baba Yaga raised her hand, and a second hill of Harmonizers appeared. "You’d better not disappoint me this time, child."