Supreme Magus

Chapter 4392: Dawn of War (Part 2)

"There is no shame in your defeat." Dawn took one of the white prisms that hung to the hip of her Firstlight armor and shaped it into a crystal sword. "I decided that I would sit out of the fight until someone was about to hurt Zepho.

"You’ve just been unlucky, sister. In other circumstances I might be here kicking the spear guy’s ass."

"How can you spout such arrogant words when we haven’t started to fight yet?" Abthot lunged at the Horseman with her right blade while keeping her left arm ready for a counter.

"Because I’ve already gauged your level, sister." Dawn’s smile didn’t flinch, nor did her crystal blade raise to meet Balmung.

A hard-light vise appeared out of nowhere, delaying Abthot’s lunge for a split second before she freed it with a flick of her wrist. More than enough time for the Bright Day to meet the left sword with her own and punch Abthot in the face with the two women’s combined strength.

The hybrid felt her Davross helmet bend under the pressure of the sharp edges of Dawn’s Davross gauntlet. Abthot instinctively channeled the earth element through the mystical metal to increase its toughness while the Horseman channeled the fire element.

It further boosted her strength to the point that the Eldritch’s helm and head burst open upon hitting the ground and creating another crater. Such damage posed no threat to the hybrid since her head regenerated just as fast as the Davross, but Dawn’s tier four Light Mastery spell did.

Sunshine conjured a barrage of laser-like rays, each one as thick as an arm and as hot as a furnace. The energy blasts slammed into Abthot and sent her flying farther from the city, away from any landmark she could recognize.

The Skull of Bytra allowed the Eldritch to read the heat ray’s trajectories, but there were too many of them. To make matters worse, Dawn bolted across the volley of heat rays, using the energy signature of her spell to hide her presence.

Sunshine’s dazzling light blinded Abthot’s regular vision while its massive energy mass overloaded the Skull, causing the Eldritch a head-splitting headache. The Horseman and her spells appeared as one and the same to the artifact, and Dawn kept conjuring more heat rays.

Abthot cursed and conjured the tier five Chaos Spell, Devouring Wall, from the Maw of Bytra. A sphere of Chaos formed around the Eldritch, neutralizing Sunshine and shielding the Skull from the sensory onslaught.

"There you are!" Dawn’s gloved hand pierced through the Devouring Wall and grabbed Abthot by the throat. "Don’t be shy, sister. Come out and play!"

"What the-" Nothing was supposed to get past the Devouring Wall’s dense mass of Chaos in one piece, yet that was what the Horseman of Dawn had just done.

The Eldritch kept her cool even when Dawn’s fingers closed around the gorget of her Davross armor, pulled her out of the Chaos sphere by force, and slammed her against the ground like a dirty rag in one fluid movement.

Abthot channeled the air element into her equipment to increase its physical and magical might severalfold.

It was supposed to increase the gap in physical prowess between them so much that Dawn’s superior combat skills would become irrelevant.

As a hybrid, Abthot possessed strength and power that surpassed even a white core, yet she had gained her hybrid body only a few years ago and had yet to get used to flesh and blood after spending millennia in a form comprised of pure energy.

Moreover, Eldritches fought mostly relying on Chaos energy and physical attacks since no equipment or living being could survive their touch for long.

Dawn, instead, had spent most of her life possessing a wide range of hosts and always using the same kind of enchanted equipment. She had honed her combat skills over the millennia, fighting opponents much stronger than her yet rarely knowing defeat.

’No matter how superior her technique is, her host can’t overcome the limits of the bright violet core. I’ll exploit that and destroy her with overwhelming power!’Abthot slashed at the Horseman’s arm with her twin weapons, performing an x-shaped cut.

Great was her surprise when Dawn also channeled the air element in her Firstlight armor and blocked the two Davross blades with her mere crystal sword.

"That’s all you can do? I heard that the Master’s hybrids wielded untold power. Did I get stuck with the runt of the litter or what?" Dawn neutralized the Chaos enveloping Balmung with raw light element and kicked Abthot’s in the guts with the strength of a Griffon.

The Ogre-Eldritch hybrid was sent flying farther away from Batara, but this time the Horseman didn’t let go of her prey. She bolted after Abthot, cutting, punching, and kicking her in mid-air as Dawn Blinked around the Eldritch like a deadly apparition.

Each blow propelled Abthot and made her body spin faster, making the Eldritch lose her sense of direction. The Skull of Bytra warned her about the incoming attacks, but left, right, up, and down meant nothing to her as she spiraled across the air out of control.

Abthot conjured her best flying spell to force herself to a halt, but the focus it required left her open to Dawn’s follow-up attack. The hybrid found herself surrounded by the tier five Light Mastery spell, Endless Nova.

The whole sky around the Eldritch and the Horseman was now filled with meteors made of light, fire, earth, and darkness. Each one of them was as big as a house, and together they formed a perfect sphere that encased the two women.

The humongous size of the spell covered Abthot’s field of vision, making it impossible for her to either Blink or Warp to safety. On top of that, a single meteor was powerful enough to shake the enchanted gates of the capital city of Valeron.

"What the-" The Eldritch had barely the time to react before the Endless Nova exploded.

Solid light locked her into place, fire raised the temperature by hundreds of degrees, earth generated countless projectiles harder than steel, and darkness coated everything like poison, making it impossible for the Eldritch to feed on the other elements.

On top of that, the shockwaves and bullets released by Endless Nova overloaded the Skull of Bytra and Abthot’s senses again. She survived the blast by channeling the water element in the Davross to split Dawn’s mana from the world energy, and thanks to the innate regenerative abilities of her Ogre side.

The Eldritch didn’t resist the explosion, combining its violence with her flight spell to move faster than the Horseman could follow. Moreover, the flash of light blinded Life Vision as well, and made it impossible for Dawn to use dimensional magic to catch up with the runaway Eldritch.

’This makes no sense. Dawn isn’t supposed to have that kind of strength, let alone cast tetra elemental spells. Something is terribly wrong here, and if I don’t understand what, I’m going to die like a fool!’Abthot dove into the greenest area she could find, taking care to douse the flames enveloping her before she landed.

The moment she touched the ground, she spread her roots to heal her injuries and activate her bloodline ability, Killer Mirage.