Supreme Magus

Chapter 4177: Heaven’s Vault (Part 2)

"Until I can beget an offspring again and recover my Spirit Magic, I’m not leaving my benefactor’s side. It’s not only a matter of gratitude, but also the only way to keep the Summoner clan safe.

"My research is far from foolproof, and if things go wrong, I could easily go back to the monster I was. I won’t put my descendants in danger because of my hubris again." Tezka said.

"Then let me stay by your side as your assistant." Lylka said. "I volunteered to come here, and I’m also willing to help you however I can. Whether you need something or to study a living Fylgja, I can-"

"No." Tezka’s voice became stone cold, and he stared at her with flinty eyes. "Maybe you didn’t listen to me earlier, kid, but I mean what I say. You don’t know me, and I don’t know you. Neither of us should trust a stranger with the clan’s survival."

Lylka was stunned by such a firm refusal, but she could understand it.

’There’s no telling what kind of powerful magic Lord Tezka has developed for his research.’She thought.’It would be foolish of him to share everything he has worked for millennia with me just on my word.’

She naively refused to consider that Forbidden Magic might be involved, and her enthusiasm blinded her. She had met neither Patriarch Tezka nor Tezka the Suneater.

She had only heard stories about his previous incarnations and regarded them as mythical rather than historical figures.

Lylka saw Tezka’s current incarnation, the one who stood before her, not as a person, but as the key for the Fylgja bloodline to return to its former glory. The Summoner clan had gone from being the ruling power of Garlen to a mere member of the Awakened Council.

Moving to Zima hadn’t changed much. Ever since the Fylgjas had bartered the secrets of dimensional magic in exchange for protection, they had faded into irrelevance.

If not for Heaven’s Vault and the secret of the dimensional crystals, they would be regarded as a minor Emperor Beast Bloodline.

’With Lord Tezka’s help, we could rise to lead Zima’s Council. Any Council.’Lylka thought.’Even if we can’t become like him, we only need his future children to inherit his abilities to become as powerful as a Divine Beast bloodline.

’We would get our own turf and no one, no matter if beasts, plants, humans, or undead, would challenge our rule.’

The longer she held Tezka’s hand, the better she could feel the boundless mana that flowed through his body. She had long since reached the bright violet core, yet she felt like a small stream meeting the vastness of the ocean.

Invigoration failed to gauge the depth of his power, and a single one of the many mana currents that flowed under his seemingly placid surface could swallow her whole.

"Is there anything I can do to change your mind?" She asked. "Anything at all?"

"No, there is not." The music ended, and Tezka took a step back. "You can do me a favor, though. Go back to Zima and tell everyone that I’m sorry. That I’ve never forgotten about the clan, and one day I’ll make it up to you.

"Also, warn them never to trust me until I recover my Spirit Tail. Can you do that for me?"

"I can." Lylka gave him a curtsy, bumping into Friya.

"I’m sorry. I hope I’m not interrupting anything." She said.

"Don’t worry, we were just done." Tezka replied.

"Can I have the next dance, then?" Friya extended her hand, making both Fylgjas raise an eyebrow in surprise.

Tezka hadn’t expected anyone to be brave enough to approach him, let alone ask him for a dance. As for Lylka, she looked at Friya’s seven streaks and feared having competition.

At least until she smelled Nalrond’s scent and noticed the small baby bump. She inwardly sighed in relief and walked away, looking for her next dance partner.

"Did Lith send you, or is this your idea?" Tezka asked as the music started again.

"Lith knows nothing of this, and I’d like for things to stay that way." Friya replied, and the Suneater reactivated the distortion field. "What? How do you even do this?"

"Voices are just vibrations, child." Tezka said. "What kind of dimensional mage can bend space and gravity itself yet fails to tweak a bit of hot air?"

"Point taken." She nodded, following his lead. "Let’s get down to business. I have an offer for you that I hope you won’t refuse."

***

After the dance was over, Lith and his guests moved to the Banquet Hall to relax and close the evening with a pleasant meal. Once everyone sat down, Lith stood up, magically amplifying the clinking of a spoon on a glass to get their attention.

"First of all, thank you to everyone for being here." He said. "Before letting you enjoy the food and each other’s company, I have a few announcements to make, starting with Void Magic.

"I am happy to announce to you that I have completed tier five Void Magic, and from the next spring, it will be taught as an elective course in the six great academies, starting from the fourth year."

To prove his point, Lith turned off the protective arrays of the Mansion and conjured an air-based magical formation above his head.

The magic circle generated a small, localized thunderstorm that a flick of his fingers turned into a circular stone wall, apparently conjured out of thin air. His guests were still gasping in surprise when the rock disappeared, and the protective arrays were back into place.

The room went into an uproar that quieted down only when Lith gestured for silence.

"To answer your questions, yes, I plan on sharing Void Magic with the Awakened Council as well. I’m a Magus, and this part of my legacy is for everyone. About the timeline, however, you’ll have to discuss it with the Royals.

"They funded my research and gave me the title of Magus. They have the right to enjoy the fruits of my labor first."

The excited voices turned into low grumbles as the various members of the Council looked daggers at Meron and Sylpha, Lylka included.

"Also, I bring good news to all humans in the room, Awakened and not." Lith resumed. "My seven eyes each possess a unique bloodline ability, and I’ve recently mastered them all."

He activated his powers, starting from the yellow eye on his forehead, and then moved clockwise to the water eye, stopping before the spirit eye.

Mages and Awakened both witnessed the power of the elements despite the sealing arrays of the Mansion, but the bloodline abilities’ effects were too weak to understand the scope of their potential.

Lith held back on purpose, manifesting just enough power to prove that it wasn’t chore magic.

’This is old news.’He thought.’Anyone who has witnessed the fight against Ruugat of the Earth already knows about this. I’m simply giving another demonstration to prove that back then it wasn’t just a fluke and Meln has nothing over me.’

"Aren’t you going to show us what they do like with Vital Storm?" Vastor asked after he raised his hand, and Lith gestured for him to speak.