Supreme Magus

Chapter 4262: A Strong Deterrent (Part 2)

"Yes, sweetie, call me ’mom’ again." She cooed at the baby boy, who happily obliged. "I mean, can I help you with something, sweetie?"

Menadion tried to pretend she had been talking to Solus all along, but like a fridge salesman in the Arctic, nobody was buying it.

Solus frowned at her mother just as long as Faluel glared at her with an envy burning with the intensity of a thousand suns, before bringing her up to speed with a mind link.

"I’m sorry, but unless the Blade Weapon crafting techniques have been revolutionized after my death, that’s just not possible. Considering that Davross is still as common as water compared to a Forgemaster who can craft Blade Weapons, I doubt there has been any progress in the field."

"Why is it impossible?" Faluel needed sheer willpower to focus on Menadion. "I can understand it might be difficult for a normal Forgemaster, but you possess a mage tower and have performed miracles in your life. Like with Solus."

"Because crafting a Blade Weapon requires that the Forgemaster knows your mana flow and that of the spells that he will turn into enchantments like the back of his hand." Menadion replied.

"The first phase is studying the client, coming to understand them and the way they employ their magic better than they do. Then, it comes the crystals and runes placement, and that can’t happen without the Ears.

"After that, the Forgemaster has to weave the spells of the client’s choice into enchantments without them losing their compatibility with the client, and finally assemble them into a power core that amplifies that compatibility.

"The spells and runes may be yours, Faluel, but it’s Lith and Solus who have to imbue them into a Blade Weapon. To do that, they need to reach absolute mastery not only of their craft, but of every single rune they employ as well.

"The method you suggested is no different from hiring an expert tailor to make you a gala dress, yet never letting him see you and take your measurements. All he can do is read your three sizes and height from a piece of paper.

"He can make a great dress, but it will not fit you as well as if he had the opportunity to size you up and will require countless adjustments after it has already been completed."

"I see." Faluel sighed. "Do you have any suggestions, Lith?"

"I’d start by going to Grandma to dismantle your weapon." Lith said. "Solus and I are not good enough at Creation Magic to do it ourselves. Not with all the cloaking runes your equipment has.

"Also, if there’s someone who knows the standards of current Blade Weapon crafting, it’s her. If there’s a way, Grandma will at least give us a hint. If there isn’t, we won’t have to waste time on a dead-end project."

"Well? What are we waiting for?" Faluel quivered in anticipation.

"You know the answer to that." Solus replied. "Or rather, you should."

Lith had to break down the news of his departure gently. Even though it was just for a short while, everyone preferred to get back inside the Mansion, not to take risks.

"Don’t worry, Lil Bro, I’m not going anywhere this time." Tista said.

"None of us is." Nalrond nodded. "If any more Awakened come looking for trouble, they will find plenty."

The tower Warp to the Desert took one heartbeat, but Solus started immediately to charge it for the trip back.

"What brings you here, Featherlings?" Salaark asked, staring at Raldarak with sparkling eyes. "It’s too early to interrogate your prisoners."

"I’m sorry, Grandma, but we’ve come here to ask for your help." Solus said before explaining the reason for their visit.

"I can Dismantle this glaive with ease." The Overlord replied after studying Strife for a few seconds. "As for your other question, I’m sorry, but Ripha is right. What Faluel suggested is a pipe dream. You can’t have it both ways."

"This leaves me no choice." The Hydra replied. "I’ll trust my disciples and put my beloved weapon in their hands. The Hydra bloodline legacy is superior to Lith’s and Solus’ current skills, but that’s without taking the tower and the Menadion Set into account.

"Moreover, even if there is a drop in raw power, the ability to use Blade Magic will more than make up for it when I face a superior opponent or a swarm of powerful enemies. I have only one question.

"How is my weapon going to work as a deterrent against future kidnapping attempts? It will indeed help me better protect my turf, but I don’t think that would be enough to discourage Awakened powerful or desperate enough to try."

"Your Blade Weapon will prove that my offer and threat are not empty words." Lith replied. "Once Awakened and not mages see what your weapon can do, they’ll want one as well.

"They will start to actively listen for rumors about anyone planning something against me and hunt them down before they can even put together a team. A single weapon will mobilize a force I can’t even imagine and strike fear in my enemies.

"Unless they are irredeemably stupid, those who plan to attack my family will realize that one mistake, one word to the wrong person, is all that separates them from Grandma’s Pits of Agony.

"I might have to Forgemaster two, maybe three Blade Weapons before all potential kidnappers learn their lesson, but honestly, I don’t think that will be necessary. I’ve seen the greed in my peers’ eyes when they looked at Ral.

"Imagine if I offered them a Blade Weapon and the opportunity to establish a good relationship with me by helping my family."

"Good gods!" Faluel’s eyes went wide at the idea. "You’re right. Divine Beasts will mobilize along with the Council Elders, the Royals, and anyone with a shred of ambition.

"Someone very skilled and brilliant might still try, but not only will they have to proceed with extreme caution. In the unlikely event they succeed, they will also have to deal with all those who want a Blade Weapon. It would be a nightmare."

"That’s what a deterrent is supposed to be." Solus shrugged. "Grandma?"

"Don’t worry, I’ll take care of Ral for all the time you need." The Guardian snatched the baby boy from Ripha’s arms with the delicate touch of a master pickpocket. "You need to focus on your work, Ripha."

"Sure." Menadion replied with a growl.

"I was asking you to dismantle Strife, Grandma." Solus groaned.

"Oh, sure." Salaark weaved the runes of her tier one Creation Spell right before the baby boy’s face without even looking at the glaive.

"Mama!" Raldarak giggled, trying to grab the ephemeral words of power.

Lith checked the metal, the crystals, and the spheres holding the energy of the magical ingredients needed to conjure the single pseudo cores, making sure that the Overlord hadn’t missed anything.

"This is more Adamant than I have ever stored in my tower!" He said once he was done.

Unlike Double Edge, Strife was forged only from the purest Adamant after it had been further refined with Origin Flames.

"Thank the gods I didn’t ask you to make me an armor, or you’d have a stroke by now." Faluel chuckled. "What about the energy produced by the magical ingredients?"