Supreme Magus

Chapter 4386: True Colors (Part 2)

"This must be Magus Verhen!" Usul’s voice oozed sarcasm. "Quick, roll out the red carpet and throw a few rose petals. We don’t want to look bad on Osyan’s special day!"

"Thanks for the thought, but that’s unnecessary." Lith stepped through the door as Geldrid rambled something about her being Magus to have such a humble guest in her honored home. "We are all friends here, aren’t we?"

Usul was about to mock call a rescue team of the Queen’s Corps to drag the birthday boy out of the bathroom, but the voice died in his throat. The tall stranger looked like the Supreme Magus and wore a white and golden robe identical to the one depicted on the posters hung across the city.

The only weird thing about the man was the two toddlers strapped to the baby carriers on his chest and a slightly older boy sitting on his shoulders.

"I’m sorry for being late, but I can’t go anywhere without Ral, and Ely insisted on coming along to protect him. At that point, I had to bring Val along too." He pointed at the babies, going from the youngest to the oldest.

"Me bib sisser!" The baby girl declared proudly.

"I’m sorry for arriving so ahead of schedule." Usul recognized Rhami as she entered a second later. "I wanted to make sure we arrived before you gave Osyan his presents."

The tall boy’s imagination ran through countless scenarios to figure out who might have the money to hire an impersonator of the Supreme Magus, but none of them could account for the babies’ shapeshifting whenever they touched hands.

Usul saw the social worker’s lips move as she explained something to Geldrid and Tessor, but he couldn’t hear a word she said, and neither could they. The three of them were as pale as ghosts, unable to avert their eyes from the tall stranger.

For some reason, he didn’t move from the entrance, nor did he close the door. He just stood there, ready to leave as quickly as he had appeared.

"Are you really the Supreme Magus?" Mirika asked.

"Is this proof enough?" Five extra eyes opened on the tall stranger’s face, and black scales covered his skin.

"Yes!" The little girl jumped with joy.

"Are you here for Osyan?" Valik, an eight-year-old boy, dared ask.

"Of course." Lith shrugged. "What kind of friend would I be if I forgot about his birthday?"

Those simple words shattered Usul’s cynical view of Mogar. Suddenly miracles seemed possible, and maybe good people really existed.

As for Osyan, Lith’s presence scared him even more than being exposed as a liar. Several months had passed since the last time they met, but the young boy had forgotten nothing of his two encounters with the Supreme Magus.

The Void’s cruel words and the massacre that had ensued during his fight with the Dead King still haunted Osyan’s dreams. To make matters more complicated, the boy’s own words and actions when Lith had come to apologize were burned into Osyan’s memory just as vividly.

The boy had yelled at the Magus, called him every name in the book, and hit him however he could to provoke Lith into killing him. Back then, Osyan was filled with so much guilt that he believed he had no right to live.

He had prayed countless times for his abusive parents to become good to him or at least for someone to take him away from them. His prayers had been answered, but not in the way he imagined.

Despite all of their flaws and the pain they caused him, Osyan had never wished harm to his parents. That fateful day in Zeska, however, they had lost their lives to the Dead King and so did countless others.

Osyan, instead, had not only survived the attack without so much as a scratch thanks to the Void’s protection, but had also been brought into a house where he was safe, well-fed, and free from fear.

All things he believed he didn’t deserve because he had paid for them with the blood of others. Osyan felt responsible for what had happened in the same way every child believes the world spins around them.

He felt unworthy of life, and had taunted the monster of his nightmares to put an end to the pain that ravaged his heart. The monster had turned out to be a man who had apologized to Osyan and freed him from the burden of guilt.

They hadn’t left as friends. Osyan had never had a kind thought or word towards Lith until he had entered the foster home. He would have never mentioned his encounter with the Supreme Magus if it weren’t the only extraordinary thing in Osyan’s bleak life.

Some of his foster siblings had lost their parents in a tragedy as well, but they were good parents. Others were just in temporary custody while their father or mother got back on their feet.

Everyone had at least one good memory belonging to their time before entering the foster system. Osyan was one of the few who had nothing but a sad past he was ashamed of.

"Can I come in?" Lith could read the mix of relief and fear on the boy’s face and waited for his permission before entering the place that Osyan considered his haven.

The boy swallowed hard, hesitating for a few seconds until fate gave him a gentle nudge forward.

"Mama!" Raldarak said, waving at him.

The little boy strapped to the chest of the monster of Osyan’s nightmares giggled so happily that it was hard not to smile back at him. Elysia’s and Valeron’s presence further destroyed the image of Lith that Osyan had in his mind.

"Why is he calling me Mom?" Osyan asked before his brain could register the question.

"Ral believes that every time he says the word ’mom’, he’s helping to save the world." Lith replied as he tickled his son. "It’s a long story. Don’t ask."

"I won’t." Osyan nodded. "Please, come in."

The kids expected the two "friends" to hug, but Lith only extended his hand to give Osyan space and make him feel safe. Stepping forward and shaking Lith’s hand was one of the hardest things the boy had ever done, but there was no turning back.

Besides, the babies were also offering him their hands, painting a picture cute enough to dispel most of his fears.

"Happy birthday, Osyan." Lith said.

"Happy birthday." Valeron nodded.

"Babby biddy." Elysia said.

"Mama!" Raldarak once again kept Mogar safe.

Shaking the babies’ hands allowed Osyan to let go of Lith’s quickly and relax. The children were tiny, and their attempts to mimic Lith’s demeanor made them look silly.

"I know that you are supposed to receive your presents after lunch, but the Kingdom might assign me a mission at any moment, and I can’t afford to wait. Here are my presents for you." Lith handed Osyan an amulet of pure silver.

"This is a communication amulet, not a Tablet. It works anywhere and has access to both the interlink and the Web of Knowledge. It carries only two runes at the moment, mine and Rhami’s.

"This way, if you ever need something, you won’t have to wait until our next visit to contact us."