Supreme Magus

Chapter 4052: Menadion’s Genius (Part 1)

Lith used the Hands to support the Mana Injector and nudge the biggest obstructions in the right direction. At the same time, the Ears rode the energy flow of the Hands and used it to read the changes before and after each pulse.

Lith noticed that the entire area of the Mansion now had a more vigorous mana flow. The Eyes could see the light of the mana geyser spreading across a much wider area without losing any of its power.

It was as if something had been unclogged in an underground spring that now gushed water fast enough to form a small lake from which countless creeks departed. Among the streams, only one flowed faster and farther than the others.

Lith then Warped back to the clearing, finding a similar but deeper and wider pool of world energy. The second cleansing with the Dread Flames had removed every trace of the corruption left by the Wither’s Chaos element.

Winter was about to knock on the Trawn Woods’ door, yet small blades of grass started to grow, and insects dug into the barren soil to make it their new home. There was a stream of world energy that went deeper there as well, and it shone the brightest.

’It’s too soon to be certain, but it seems we were right.’Lith nodded.’The two geysers can communicate, or at least they can exchange energy.’

’Even better, the effects of Lotho’s Verdant Host have stabilized.’Solus pointed out.’The lingering sentience in the trees has diminished ever since he left, but what is left of it is now stable and shows no signs of further weakening.

’Still, I’d stop here with the Hands. First, the Dread Flames and now the Mana Injector. Let’s not put too much stress on the Trawn Woods too fast.’

’I agree.’Lith turned off the Hands and programmed the Mana Injector to lower the output and notify him immediately in the eventuality the Trawn Woods showed signs of an adverse reaction.’If I didn’t trust Ripha’s genius blindly, I’d also stop the Mana Injector as well for today.’

’Thanks.’Menadion puffed her chest out with pride.’And you are right to trust me. I crafted the Mana Injector with several failsafes meant to prevent delicate natural treasures from burning out due to an excess flow of world energy.

’Magical ingredients develop similarly to an Awakened’s core. Without the proper precautions, instead of growing faster, they would die. Yet not even I can predict how the Dread Flames will synergize with the Mana Injector.

’The two things were never supposed to coexist. Do you mind if I double-check your manual programming?’

’Be my guest, Ripha.’Lith waved at the runepad.’What do you think?’

’Honestly? I have a hunch that it will work like a charm.’Menadion carefully read the instruction lines for the Mana Injector, making small adjustments from time to time.’Yet not just because of my genius, but because of your bond.

’The tower is now part of Solus, and Solus is part of you, Lith. I bet good money that when the tower rebuilt the Mana Injector, it updated the relative enchantments to take your abilities into account.’

’That’s possible.’Solus mused.’By the time I regained the violet core, Lith had long since learned how to use his Dread Flames.’

’Let’s hope you are right, Ripha.’Lith sighed, feeling tired despite the tower’s empowering effects.’Time to go home.’

The arrays of the Verhen Home blinked a few times to signal the opening of a Warp Steps and not scare its guests. Lith, Solus, and Ripha walked through the dimensional passage, discovering that the others were waiting for them to dine.

"Not to be the Zekell of the situation, but this place really is cramped." Friya said. "Are you sure you don’t want to move back to the Mansion?"

All the tables in the house had to be joined to accommodate everyone, leaving little space to move. Reaching the bathroom or the kitchen was akin to an obstacle course.

"Yeah, I’m sure." Lith nodded, using Spirit Magic to grab and pass things to save his mother from countless hurdles. "Until the dust settles, we’ll stay here."

"But, where will we sleep? We have several pregnant women here, and there are only so many beds." She replied.

"You are not under a death threat, dear. You can go to sleep wherever you want." Jirni shrugged. "The Ernas household, the Mansion, your own home, Faluel’s lair, or any hotel of your liking. Take your pick."

"We don’t want to leave you alone, Mom." Quylla said.

"Really?" Morok asked in honest confusion. "Since when?"

"Morok! How can you be so insensitive?" She snarled in outrage.

"Me?" He indignantly replied. "I’m not the one who whined about the size of the bathrooms, the arrangement of the toiletries, and having to share them until my ears bled! I thought you were dying to get your personal space."

"Well, yes, but it’s not something you say out loud!" Quylla blushed as everyone furrowed their brows at her. "Don’t look at me like that. I have needs. It’s not my fault if I need the bathroom often."

"Don’t worry, everyone here knows what you are talking about." Men and women nodded, albeit for different reasons and past experiences.

"Don’t worry, guys." Selia said while wolfing down Elina’s delicious cooking. Free food always tasted the best. "I’m not an ungrateful person. You can sleep at my home. It’s close enough that you can Blink here whenever you want."

"And it’s almost the same house." Protector cleaned his plate and asked for seconds. "You’ll feel at home."

"Yours is a very kind offer, yet it raises a question." Lith glared at the merry band of hungry Skolls pillaging his pantry. "Why are you here, eating my food and taking my space? As you said, you live right around the corner."

"The kids are still scared and didn’t want to be separated from their friends." Selia lied with confidence, pointing at her children who nodded enthusiastically.

"I’m terrified." Lilia gobbled her food.

"I’m still shell-shocked!" Leran ripped apart a chicken leg.

"I’m hungry!" Fenrir failed to understand the assignment, making her parents blush.

"If it’s of any consolation, I could create a temporary gateway between the houses." Tyris cleaned the plates and cutlery with a flick of her wrist, readying them for the next serving. "You could move from one place to another without constantly using spells."

"Why not just dimensionally stretch this place?" Friya asked.

"Because it wouldn’t change the number of beds or bathrooms." Tyris replied. "Also, I’m not Salaark, and you are not my guests. I’m not going to fix your house for you."

"It’s more than enough, thank you." Lith glared at Friya for talking to a Guardian like she were her maid. "Please, sit with us and eat."

"It’s too soon to thank me, but I appreciate the offer." Tyris joined the others at the table, eating more out of politeness than hunger.

At the end of the meal, her warning became all too clear. The gateway was wide and placed against an empty wall, crossing from one living room to another. The perfect access for an improvised race track.