Supreme Magus

Chapter 4238: No Other Choice (Part 1)

"We’ll use the arrays of the Throne Room to keep everyone in their place and the kids safe. Thanks to your Supreme Magus robe, you’ll be free to move around and introduce Raldarak to the court." The King said.

"You have to do it only once, just make sure you show your son’s six streaks and all of his forms. "That will be more than enough to quell everyone’s curiosity and put an end to this nonsense. Also, it would help relieve the pressure on the Ernas."

"I see." Lith nodded. "Jirni and Orion live here. Just by claiming that they have a privileged relationship with Ral, they should be able to buy themselves a bit more time."

"Indeed." Meron nodded. "I say that achieving so much and sparing us so many annoyances is worth a few hours of our time."

"Are you sure that a mere Court Audience will be enough?" Lith asked.

He had already received numerous complaints from the Lutians about the horde of nobles infesting the streets and making everyone’s lives miserable with their absurd demands.

"I’m sure." Meron nodded. "Also, most of the Court Audience will be spent on protocol that doesn’t require your presence. You can wait in a side room with your family until I’m done with the formalities and carry the baby around the Throne Hall.

"Let the nobles take a good look up close to Raldarak for a couple of seconds and then move forward. This time, no one but you and a Healer chosen by the Royal Court will be allowed to touch the baby.

"I wouldn’t even involve the Healer if we didn’t need an impartial party that the nobles trust to confirm our words."

"It’s not an issue, Your Majesty." Lith shook his head. "As long as I hold Ral, he’ll remain calm. If the Healer tries anything funny, anyone involved won’t come out with their lives, and the best part is that neither of us will have to lift a finger."

"If only I would be so lucky to get rid of so many fools without bearing the blame for their untimely demise." Meron sighed. "If only."

***

It didn’t take the King long to arrange a full Royal Court assembly using important affairs of state as a pretext.

Meron only needed to spread the rumor that he was open to readjusting the distribution of the resources mined in Jiera based on each noble household’s individual contributions to have the full attention of his opportunistically loyal subjects.

He had also planned to pretend to be willing to reduce the restrictions on the features for the civilian DoLoreans if necessary, but he had underestimated the greed of the new and old households.

The prospect of increasing their profits was a great allure, but the idea of syphoning off those of their rivals was impossible to resist. Allegedly, whoever played their cards right would increase their standing in the Royal Court while knocking the competition down a few pegs.

Missing the event would have meant leaving one’s own entire household naked in the middle of a bloody battle while those who attended worked as both the sword and shield of their estate.

The heads of the noble families rushed to answer the Royals’ summons, guaranteeing their presence at all costs and pleading with the King to investigate their main rivals if anything happened to them that forced them to be late.

The Ernas left the Verhen Mansion first. Jirni’s and Orion’s position was already precarious due to their prolonged leave of absence. They couldn’t afford to stir more trouble by refusing to attend a Court Summons meant to support their cause.

Quylla attended in her role as Royal Healer, while Friya to show that the Ernas stood united and throw her recent merits in the face of whoever troubled her parents.

"I won’t be away for long." Lith donned his Supreme Mage robe and sighed heavily. "Just the time to parade the poor Ral around the Throne Room and go back."

"Don’t worry, dear." Elina chuckled. "This is not the first time you’ve gone on a business trip. I promise you we won’t burn down the house."

"That’s not my issue, Mom. It’s just that I don’t like leaving you unprotected." Lith replied.

"We are not unprotected, son." Raaz raised his eyes from the news on his amulet. "We have the house, the arrays, the Queen’s Corps, and everything you set for us. Lutia is our home. It’s not supposed to be our prison, and you are not our warden."

"I know, and I’m sorry." Lith scratched his head in embarrassment. "I don’t mean to keep you prisoners, but I feel responsible for your safety. If not for me, you wouldn’t be in danger."

"If not for you, I would be... still ill, Lil Bro." Tista replied, looking at the children with worry.

"And we wouldn’t live in this beautiful home, let alone own an entire noble mansion, son." Raaz patted Lith’s shoulder. "Stop worrying so much and live a little. While you are at it, let us live a little as well."

"I’m with Lith, but you also have a point, Dad." Solus said. "No one knows that we are going to be at the Royal Court today, or the reason the King is summoning all the most important nobles. Meron’s plan is out of your paranoia book."

"Okay, fine." Lith groaned. "Just don’t get too far away and keep the DoLorean at hand."

"Also, don’t talk to strangers and for no reason accept food from people you have just met." Elina mimicked Lith’s note and gave everyone the same advice any parent would give to a young child. "Keep an eye on each other and cry for help if you feel in danger."

"Mom!" Lith blushed in embarrassment as even Aran and Leria chuckled at his expense.

"What’s the matter, dear? If you have to treat us as toddlers, you might as well give us the full speech." She said with a smile.

"Jokes aside, Mom, Dad, please be careful." Tista said. "The Royals have insisted I attend the Court Summons as well since I’m the only other first-generation Indech in the family. If you leave the house for any reason, bring Abominus or Onyx with you."

Lith nodded and was about to warn his parents of the dangers of the outside world, but then he remembered that they were older than him and shut up.

’Maybe it’s because of Ral, but my protective instinct is off the charts.’He thought.

"Aren’t you going to stay with us, Solus?" Rena asked.

"No, Valeron doesn’t want to be separated from his siblings, but since nobody is allowed to see him and Kami has to take care of Elysia, I’ll keep him company in another side room behind the throne." She replied.

"Do you want to go with your friends, baby girl?" Elina asked Surin.

The idea of being surrounded by a bunch of strangers and separated from her parents made Surin cry for her life, clinging to Elina with all her strength.

"I’ll take that as a no." Elina said. "Also, I was joking. I didn’t expect you to understand anything I say."

"Ba!" Surin said in her best Elysia impression. "Ba, Mama. Ba!"