Supreme Magus

Chapter 4155: War Drum (Part 2)

"No reason." The man thanked his good star and flicked the reins, prompting the horses to a brisk trot.

As he had anticipated, there wasn’t much to see. The streets of Amrok bustled with stagecoaches, people, and carriages filled with goods. Kamila could rarely get a glimpse of buildings and shop windows past the crowd.

"I’ve never seen so many people even in Valeron!" She said in disbelief. "Did we come at the wrong time of the year?"

’She’s been to Valeron? I’d better use a soft approach with rich clients.’The coachman thought.

"This is nothing, milady. Winter is off-season. If you came to Amrok during spring or summer, it would have been much worse." He actually said. "Any chance I’m spoiling your surprise for your lady, milord?"

"No. We are already here." Lith shrugged. "It was only a matter of time until she discovered the truth."

"The truth about what?" Solus asked.

"Amrok isn’t just any city." Menadion said, taking the words out of the coachman’s mouth. "About 1,500 years ago, Amrok was the capital of the Trokan Empire.

"It managed to conquer two-thirds of Garlen by the time its civilization reached its apex. After that, Amrok declined due to corruption, moral decay, and expanding its borders way farther than the eyes of the law could see.

"Without Warp Gates, local rulers became tyrants, and the central government could do nothing about them. Even worse, the senate of Amrok knew nothing at all most of the time because its corrupt members took bribes to cover everything up.

By the time Valeron’s conquest campaign started, Amrok was already reduced to a shadow of its former glory.

"It was still the biggest country in the current Kingdom, but it had already collapsed, and its once defeated enemies had already regained their independence."

"Indeed." The coachman took a pothole on purpose to make Menadion bite her tongue and shut her up.

Demons didn’t need to breathe and could talk nonstop. The coachman needed to retake the spotlight to get a good tip.

"Even after the fall of its empire, however, Amrok was still an open-air museum. The city is full of architectural marvels, and we have many galleries filled with pieces of art dating from 1,500 years ago to now.

"Valeron took example from Amrok to build his Kingdom, but took nothing from us. He preserved the city’s beauty and made us one of the crown jewels. I can tell you all about the rich history of each district during our tours."

The coachman smiled at Kamila and came down to open the door.

"We’ve arrived. Welcome to the Unicorn’s Pot." The hotel’s valet glared at the coachman just like the coachman did at Menadion.

No one liked the competition stealing a good tip.

"By my Mom, it’s beautiful." Solus said.

The Unicorn’s Pot was a three-story high historical building made of polished white stones. A marble colonnade led from the entrance to the reception, and a long, soft red carpet went from the sidewalk to the desk.

Lights, windows, and all amenities were modern, but everything else was perfectly preserved. Hardwood tables, padded chairs, and glasses were either original antiques dating back to the Trokan Empire or perfect replicas crafted with modern materials.

Paintings of the hotel at the time of its inauguration were hung on the walls, and there was hardly a difference in the present.

Valets and the rest of the hotel staff donned modern clothes, but they were of such fine cut and materials that one might have easily mistaken them for minor nobles.

’For its price, it better be more than beautiful.’Lith inwardly snarled, but all the others could see was a gentle gaze and a happy smile.

"It’s the best hotel in Amrok, or so I’m told." He actually said while paying the coachman’s fare and adding a tip for the history lesson.

"Actually-" The coachman tried to object, but an elbow to his ribs cut him short.

"You’ve been well informed, Magus Verhen." The valet said. "We are the best hotel and deliver the best service. If there’s anything you, your beautiful wife, or your relatives desire, you only have to ask, and we’ll find it for you."

"Magus Verhen?" The coachman suddenly realized why the beanpole with the mean glare looked so familiar.

He could feel his purse getting heavier with the potential profits, and his neck hurting from the noose his former business practices would have tightened around his throat.

"These three lovely ladies must be Lady Solus, Lady Rhona, and Lady Elysia." The staff of the Unicorn’s Pot memorized the faces of all the VIPs before their arrival. "And this gentleman must be Valeron."

"Hi." The baby boy offered his hand, and the valet shook it.

"Is the hotel renowned for its cuisine?" Solus asked, feeling a little hankering. "Is that why it’s called the Unicorn’s Pot?"

"Our chefs are indeed famous, Lady Solus, but that’s not the reason behind the hotel’s name." The valet pointed at the insignia of a unicorn standing under a rainbow while holding a pot of gold in its mouth.

"It’s because of the rarity and luxury that our establishment can provide to its guests."

"Oh." Solus said in disappointment. "Anyway, where are our rooms?"

"Please, follow me." The valet guided them to the reception desk while the coachman was still picking up his jaw from the floor. "Magus Verhen reserved both our Royal Suites. Your rooms are on the third floor, right below the roof garden."

He took two silver plaques embossed with a small blue crystal unicorn from the receptionist and handed one to Solus and the other to Lith. Then, the valet guided them near a silver pedestal, where a swipe of one of the keys opened a Warp Steps.

There were only six rooms on the third floor, and the Royal Suites took half the space. Each one of them was a richly decorated seven-room apartment with two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living room big enough to host a party, a dining room, and a sauna.

The high-end furniture showed the hand of the artisans, without being garish or tacky. As the name of the suite implied, every room was worthy of the Royal family.

"This place is amazing!" Kamila explored the apartment like a kid in a candy shop, brushing her fingers along the wood of the tables and rubbing them against the silk curtains. "Why is the glass door to the balcony closed?"

The answer came as she opened it.

All the noise and voices coming from the street below broke the quiet of the suite with the fury of an invading army, forcing Kamila to slam the glass door shut.

"Amrok is as busy as it’s sadly noisy." The valet gave her an apologetic bow. "That’s why all our rooms are soundproofed. If you want to step outside on the balcony, I recommend expanding the silenced area. Like this."

He pointed at a button beside the glass door that activated an external array.

"If you’d like to order room service or need anything, our reception desk is open at all hours. You can contact our staff without leaving the room with this." The valet showed them what looked like a small communication amulet placed on every bedstand.