Supreme Magus

Chapter 4363: Closed Doors (Part 1)

’So far so good.’Protector thought, aware that anyone living near Lith’s house had seen too many extraordinary things to be bothered by something trivial like a mixed couple and their hybrid children.

The farmhands stopped working just long enough to take a good look at Slash and Crash. The two Emperor Beasts belonged to unknown species, arousing the farmers’ curiosity and sparking discussions about their prowess.

The walk towards Lutia passed in silence. Fenrir and Solkar were too young to understand what was going on, but they felt the tension in their parents’ steps and became quiet.

The young girl raised her eyes to the sky from time to time, finding comfort in Bash’s figure that circled them from above. The Cron could neither shapeshift nor shrink his size, forcing him to follow the Fastarrows from a distance.

"Don’t worry, kids." Ryman said. "Knowing Lith, he must be in the Trawn Woods’ clearing, ready to rain death from his tower."

"That sounds like Uncle Lith." The kids chuckled, unaware that their father was right.

Lith respected Selia’s and Protector’s decision and wouldn’t interfere in their business. That, however, didn’t mean that he wouldn’t take names and memorize the faces of those who crossed the line to deal with them later.

"Why are we going this way?" Selia asked when she noticed they were entering Lutia from a different road than usual. "The temple of the All-Father is in that direction."

"Because it would give us false hope." Protector said, trying to sound neutral. "Zekell and Lith’s fans would give us a warm welcome, but they would also force their mood on the rest of the Lutians.

"Who in their right mind would make an enemy out of the city’s most important merchant and anger the people who offer free treatments to those in need?"

"You are right." She nodded. "Most Lutians would fall into line out of convenience, not because they’re actually friendly."

"By the Great Mother!" They had just reached the city when a woman’s gasp made them flinch.

"What a majestic beast!" A middle-aged woman with a kind face approached Slash, staring at her from a respectful distance.

Slash and Crash had shrunk to the size of magical beasts not to scare the Lutians too much, and barely reached Selia’s hips.

"Can I pet him?"

"Her." Leran corrected the woman. "Slash is a female. Also, you should ask her, ma’am."

"You’re right, young man." The woman nodded. "Can I pat your head, Slash?"

The Geri wanted to refuse the request, but she nodded instead, hoping her goodwill would help Leran.

"Gods, where are my manners? I’m Hida, the owner of the Drinking Wolf tavern." She pointed at the green sign depicting a wolf sitting in a chair while holding a beer mug. "My husband Oshek and I consider wolves our lucky charms since one of you launched our establishment."

"Are you serious?" Selia turned to look at Ryman since he was the only wolf she knew who consumed beer. "How did a wolf do that?"

"That’s a funny story." Hida finished scratching Slash behind her ears and invited the Fastarrow to sit at a table, offering them sweets and tea as she told them the tavern’s story.

"Tezka was here?" Selia took a second look at the sign, noticing the resemblance to the Fylgja.

"He and Magus Verhen." Oshek nodded. "When the Upyr attacked, our tavern didn’t suffer so much as a scratch. We believe we have been blessed with the wolf god’s protection, so you’ll always find a tasty treat waiting for you here, sweetie."

Slash let the brewer ruffle the fur on her neck and gracefully accepted the steak strings he offered her. Crash didn’t like being touched by strangers, but he liked being ignored even less.

He stood less than one meter away from Slash, yet no one patted or fed him.

"Can I have something for my friend?" Leria asked after noticing the Freki’s scowl. "That steak smells delicious, mister, and Crash gets hungry easily."

Only then did Oshek and Hida notice the Freki and realized their blunder.

"Of course." The brewer cleared his throat in embarrassment. "Just give me a second."

"I got hungry too!" Fenrir’s stomach knew no fear when food was involved.

"Fenrir, this is not your home. Be a good girl!" Selia blushed twice.

Once when the little girl demanded food from strangers, and the second time when she whined at the scolding like a wolf instead of a child.

"Are you guys the Fastarrows?" Oshek furrowed his brows as he delivered a steak cut in thin strings for Crash and another for Fenrir.

"Yes. Is there a problem?" Selia’s face was a stone mask, but she swallowed so hard that she was certain the entire Lutia heard her.

"No, but I have something to ask of you, and I hope you won’t take it the wrong way." The brewer scratched his neck, and Selia nodded for him to continue.

’I swear, if he asks us to leave and never come back, I-’

"Can you please shapeshift in your wolf form and pose like the tavern’s sign while I take a picture with my Tablet?" Oshek asked. "It would make for great promotional material."

"Are you sure it won’t scare your clients?" Protector asked.

"Only those we wouldn’t want in our establishment in the first place." Hida snorted. "Anyone who can’t appreciate a wolf’s majestic beauty is not welcome here."

Slash snickered at Crash, gloating. The Freki said nothing but put everything on the Geri’s tab, swearing she would pay for it once they got back home.

"I couldn’t have said it better." Selia nodded.

Ryman shapeshifted into his hybrid form, drawing many shocked looks from the passersby but arousing no reaction from his hosts. Oshek offered everyone food and drinks as payment for the pictures, promising the Fastarrows they would always be their honored guests.

"That went much better than I expected." Selia said with a warm smile.

"Remember what I told you about false hope and brace for impact. Not everyone is so understanding." Ryman nodded at the people in the street ahead of them.

Only a few Lutians reacted normally to the arrival of Selia’s family. They were either people who had lived there since Lutia was still a small village or believers of the All-Father.

Everyone else froze like a deer in headlights or ran back home.

Yet what pained Selia the most were the shopkeepers running to the entrance of their establishments. They stood there like sentinels, their hands placed over the "Open" sign and ready to turn it over the moment the Fastarrows seemed to walk towards them.

The Royals had been true to their word and made the Lutians aware that Emperor Beasts had the same rights as humans. Yet some feared the Fastarrows more than the law and those who had found a loophole to exploit.

The most spiteful merchants didn’t wait for the Fastarrows to get close to their shops, turning their signs and slamming the door closed just at the sight of the Fastarrows.

"Jerks!" Selia snarled through gritted teeth. "Like I would ever step inside those rat holes."

"Don’t get angry, Mom." Leran held her hand. "They are being rude, but at least they are not yelling at us or calling us names."