Supreme Magus

Chapter 4342: Dimensional Magic’s Apex (Part 2)

Uragar could do everything in the safety of his lab and record the final result in his pages, ready to be conjured at a moment’s notice. The cursed book had spent countless hours revising the diaries of the Lost Magus and improving his craft beyond Zavra’s wildest dreams.

Once a Source Spell was inscribed in his page, Uragar could study its effects just by looking at the strings of runes and alter the parts he found lacking. The only weak point of Source Magic was that it required performing many complex calculations and consumed lots of mana in the middle of battle.

The Book of Knowledge had no such problems. He performed his spells with no rush and stored them in his pages days before a fight actually took place. Spells that Zavra could only hope to achieve through practice, luck, and intuition were a walk in the park for Uragar.

The Book of Knowledge loved Source Magic so much that he was grateful to Orpal for sharing it with him and almost regretted repaying the Dead King’s priceless gift with betrayal. Almost.

Tezka turn around, conjuring two tier five Chaos Spells, Void Hunger, from the Maw and releasing them from his hands. He knew little about Source Magic, but he was certain that Uragar’s spells would pose no threat to him after Chaos devoured them.

He was right, but he never got the opportunity to put his theory to the test.

Salanoth pushed her pseudo cores and host’s mana core to their limit, mixing the Upyr-woman’s Spirit Magic with Salanoth’s dimensional enchantments. Dozens of Steps opened around the Fylgja, and a mystical blade of purple energy appeared in Salanoth’s hands as she charged forward.

’Isn’t that Nightmaze?’Tezka thought in mild surprise.’Foolish of her to use it against me. That is my spell. I created it and understand how it works better than anyone else.’

Nightmaze was one of the crown jewels of Tezka’s Endless Night blade and had only one weakness. Even though Nightmaze could conjure over one hundred Warp Steps at the same time, they all led to the same dimensional crossroad.

Tezka waited for Uragar’s spells, Salanoth, Akhton, and Jorl to enter the nearest Steps before shooting his Void Hunger.

Contrary to his expectations, the Chaos spells emerged from another dimensional door aimed at him without hitting any of their targets. To make matters worse, the passage inside the dimensional space had distorted Tezka’s energy signature, and Void Hunger could now hurt him.

’Oh, shit!’The Suneater moved out of the spells’ trajectory just to run into Salanoth.

Her purple blade cut through Tezka’s Davross’s armor, flesh, and bones like paper, reaching halfway through his ribcage. Ripper Fire came next. Multiple magma drills hit Tezka’s back and sent him crashing into the ground.

As he sank in the rising pool of magma, Shadow Hunt entered his open wound. Darkness ravaged the Suneater from the inside, turning into Chaos as the Eldritch’s body absorbed the spark of light element it contained.

Tezka screamed in pain and outrage, aware that his greatest strength had just been turned against him. Before he could complete his defensive spell, Shadow Hunt and Ripper Fire opened like a curtain.

Jorl and Akhton rammed into the Suneater at sonic speed from opposite sides, hitting him in a whirlwind of mace blows and spear thrusts. Each strike unleashed the Thunder Soul that the two Upyrs had accumulated.

Tezka coughed up a mouthful of blood, his bones breaking and his internal organs collapsing one after another under the relentless blows of the two Divine Beasts. Without the Suneater spell, the mass gap made Tezka’s skill useless against much bigger opponents.

The charge of the two Divine Beasts stopped only once they sent Tezka slamming into the Armory’s Orichalcum wall.

Jorl and Akhton didn’t let go of the Fylgja out of the goodness of their hearts, but because the Chaos Dimension spell that Tezka conjured left them no choice.

Ripper Fire and Shadow Hunt circled the dimensional field, unable to pinpoint the Suneater’s position, and the corrupted lightning bolts of Thunder Soul dispersed in the air the moment they emerged from the Storm Griffon’s maces and the Bastet’s spear.

Jorl had fought Eldritches in the past and knew that sticking to close-quarter combat against them without a solid plan was suicidal at best. Without the cover of his allies and the internal damage inflicted by Thunder Soul, he retreated to a safe distance.

’I can’t believe it.’Akhton thought as he followed the Storm Griffon’s lead.’I’m a bright violet-cored Divine Beast, full to the brim with Life Maelstrom, yet I barely put a dent in that monster.’

The wounds on Tezka’s body healed at a speed visible to the naked eye, while his damaged equipment had fully repaired itself the moment Chaos Dimension had enveloped its master.

Even worse, the Suneater didn’t show any sign of fear or anger, only surprise.

"I’m done with this charade, kid." Tezka snarled. "Tell me who you are and who created you."

"And why should I, old fox?" Salanoth laughed.

Following her original programming gave her endless joy, and seeing the fabled Tezka bleed filled her with confidence. The fear of meeting him that had haunted them for all those millennia cleared like mist under the morning sun.

"Besides, you aren’t stupid." She chuckled. "Do you really need me to say what you already know out loud?"

"You are holding my Infinity Blade, and earlier you conjured my Infinity Gate." Tezka snarled. "Nobody outside the Summoner Clan ever saw those spells and lived to tell the tale. Your maker is one of my people"

"She*was*one of your people." The eyes of Salanoth’s host burned with emerald light as she activated the second effect of her Severed Sky array. "And not just anyone, old fox. Your great-great-granddaughter crafted me to kill you!

"Your entire tribe hated you so much that they gave up on their lives to put an end to yours!"

Tezka jumped toward the Ring of Space, and she Blinked her allies at a safe distance before activating the Captured World enchantments again. The purple aura clashed with the energy sphere of Chaos Dimension, slowly but steadily suppressing it.

"What is this? What are you doing to me?" The Suneater could speak, move, and conjure spells while under the protection of Chaos Dimension, but everything would stop once it left the spell’s boundaries, and he was in no rush to fall into another trap.

"This is the work you failed to complete before your demise, old fox." Salanoth said after dispelling Captured World. "You perfected Infinity, the apex of dimensional magic, but I have also mastered gravity magic and discovered Eternity!"

At a wave of her hand, the Spirit and dimensional artifacts that she had scattered across Teneb’s Armory formed a colossal magical formation that merged with the Ring of Space, becoming an extension of her pseudo cores.

The network of artifacts amplified her mana by several folds, turning Captured World into Eternity Seal.

Salanoth’s purple aura spread throughout the cave, affecting everyone whom Salanoth hadn’t marked as an ally. Lith, Morok, and Tista reacted by activating Swirling Wind, but Eternity Seal exerted such pressure that the evolved humans could barely protect themselves.

Keeping their friends from being turned into mush took everything the evolved humans got and then more.