Supreme Magus

Chapter 4430: Rune Stores (Part 2)

"Because I should have stalled long enough for the Awakened to grieve their fallen and forget about me." Jirni lied with a compassionate smile on her face. "If I’m wrong and they attack me, they’ll find me ready.

"I’m setting the where and when we might clash, which gives me a significant advantage. The Awakened don’t have the time to set a trap because I’m choosing the mission. Not you or any upper echelon of the Kingdom that might be under surveillance.

"This, along with my husband’s and Magus Verhen’s presence, should ensure my survival. If I’m right and nothing happens, instead, I will be able to resume my duty and go back to a normal life."

"I wouldn’t be so sure." Meron sighed. "Awakened are stubborn and can hold a grudge for a long time. Still, I trust your judgment and authorize you and Commander Ernas to participate in the investigation. Is there anything else?"

"No, Your Majesty." Lith shook his head.

"That will be all then. I wish you luck. Meron out."

***

Before departing for Ghishal County, Lith and Jirni made a few final preparations. Lith asked Tista and Faluel to keep an eye on everyone in his absence and be ready to intervene if he needed backup.

Jirni, instead, asked Nalrond to keep constructs of her and Orion moving around the house and park to keep potential Gernoff scouts from noticing their absence. Also, she stopped by the White Griffon Marth and asked Dhiral for a set of elemental toys for Dripha.

"Sure." He nodded, sprouting what looked like six colored foam bonsai with his Dryad powers and then permanently altering their shape and color with light magic. "I don’t think Dripha will like them, though.

"Unlike Milla, her temper always gets the best of her curiosity."

"I’ll keep that in mind." Jirni looked at Ryssa, who just shrugged.

"I swear that I’ve never heard of a Dryad as smart as Dhiral at such a young age. We develop fast, but not that fast, and it takes us years to develop a fraction of the skills he uses in his everyday life."

"Is that a bad thing, Mom?" The baby boy opened his arms to be picked up. "Did I do something wrong?"

"Of course not, sweetie." Ryssa took her son in her arms and kissed his forehead. "You are just... special."

No two years old child on Mogar talked like that or displayed that level of magical mastery aside from talented Dragons like Shargein. Dhiral’s friendship with the Wyrmling was the only thing that kept the baby boy from feeling like a human in a world of goldfish.

"Since I’m already here, can you please make another set for Surin?" Jirni asked, eager to spare Ryssa from more unsettling questions.

"I can do that, but are you sure about it? It’s going to be dangerous, and someone might get hurt." Dhiral said.

"Is Surin that talented?" Jirni was usually devoid of pointless feelings like envy, but the idea of such a stark contrast between her beloved little daughter and Elina’s last born twisted her stomach into a knot.

’What in the gods’ name runs in the Verhen blood? What’s so special about them?’She thought before she could regain her cool.

"No. She’s nothing special." Dhiral said, making Jirni sigh in relief until she realized he was probably using himself as the benchmark for a baby’s talent. "But Ely is. I would keep the Rune Stores away from her if I were you."

"The what?" Jirni and Ryssa asked in unison.

"Oh, I’m sorry. I meant the squeaky toys." Dhiral replied with the kind smile of a teacher explaining to a kid how a doorknob worked.

After Manohar the Second grew another set of Rune Stores and a bit of chit-chat, Jirni Warped from the White Griffon to the Verhen Mansion.

"I agree with Brinja. There’s something wrong with that kid." She said while handing one set of squeaky toys to Dripha and the other to Elina.

"Mama?" The baby girl stared at the colorful Rune Stores with a confused expression for a while.

"What’s the matter, my love? Don’t you like them?" Jirni asked.

Dripha took the Rune Store shaped like a drop of water, squeezing it a few times before throwing it away in fury.

"No!" She snorted. "Ha. Ha! Uh ha!"

"Gods, I have no idea what she’s saying, but I’m pretty sure those are more than angry noises." Jirni said. "The worst part is I don’t know whether to be proud or worried for her."

"Too hard." Valeron the Second translated the baby speak for the grown-ups. "Dripha is saying it’s too hard."

"Baby girl, you’ve had it for less than a second." Jirni said. "You- you understand what that is? Does she realize that thing is covered in magic runes?"

"Yeah, why?" Valeron looked at her as if Jirni had asked him a stupid question.

"Okay, this settles it. I’m worried." Jirni pondered. "Remember Dhiral’s warning, Elina. Keep the Rune Stores away from Elysia."

"Please, she’s just a baby, and these are just toys." Elina squeezed all the Rune Stores at the same time, making the babies cover their ears.

"No, they are not." Jirni shook her head. "Keep them away from Ral as well."

***

"So? What do you think?" Elina asked while Lith examined the set of six squeaky toys.

"They are well made and hold no enchantment whatsoever." Lith used Life Vision, Invigoration, and even a few Forgemastering spells to confirm his findings. "However, my first impression was correct.

"The fibers of each toy have been woven to form a pattern from the repetition of one of the first magic runes. This one is comprised solely of Jorun runes that fit into each other like pieces of a puzzle, leaving no empty spaces."

"And?" Kamila asked.

"And nothing." Solus replied after a full scan with the Eyes of Menadion took less than a second. "By all accounts, this is just a weird toy. Mom?"

"I couldn’t have said it better, dear." Menadion examined the Infiro Store with all the means and the knowledge at her disposal. "There is nothing dangerous about this thing. I think you are overestimating the boy.

"Dhiral is barely older than two and probably believes that missing dessert is the greatest tragedy of life. If there was a way to help newborns learn magic, do you really think that no one in the Awakened history would have thought about this?"

"Babies see and experience things differently from us." Lith shrugged. "I can’t feel anything, yet Dripha says it’s hard to understand, and Val recognized the rune pattern without the keen sight of a Tiamat.

"And don’t get me started with Ely and the Dread Runes. No one in Awakened history ever discovered those either, yet I don’t remember you questioning her talents or wits, Ripha."

"That’s different!" She snorted. "You’re a Divine Beast, and she has Cursed Elements flowing through her body."

"And Manohar the First was the greatest genius I’ve ever met." Lith replied.

"Well, that’s obvious, considering you had yet to meet me." Ripha said.

"Enough arguing!" Solus put herself between them. "What do you want to do with the Rune Stores, Lith?"