Supreme Magus

Chapter 4429: Rune Stores (Part 1)

’What do you think, Solus?’Lith asked

’A proper investigation does require a few staff members.’She replied as she moved the law books they owned into the Library.’Orion is right. Not assigning a detail to the Supreme Magus’ wife would be utterly disrespectful, yet deploying a full Knight Guard squad with you present would be a waste of resources.’

’As for Jirni, since Kamila can’t get away from the babies, it’s only common sense that the Royals assign to her someone to perform all the scutwork and look after the kids while she interrogates the suspects.’

"Let’s do this, then." Lith nodded.

***

Lith called the Royals first, informing them of the situation at hand while keeping Keyla and Jadon out of it.

"I know it’s no big deal, but I feel responsible for this." Lith sounded sincere, because he was. "Between the Tablets, Lutia’s Warp Gate, and the Trains connecting the cities and villages of Lustria to the capital of the Distar Marquisate, I forced the local cartels to relocate.

"Ghishal County is under the Larks’ supervision, just like Brinja is in charge of all the areas affected by the sudden spike in crime rates as the ruler of the Distar Region.

"Do not forget that the Dead King killed both Mirim and Trequill because of me. There is a possibility that this is another of Meln’s ploys to get back at me, and we only noticed it in time out of sheer luck.

"I won’t rest easy until I’m sure that this isn’t the prelude to the attack of a second Upyr army."

He had no idea that using Mirim’s name as a decoy played the strings of Sylpha’s heart like a fiddle. The Queen still grieved the loss of her dear friend and wasn’t willing to leave any stone unturned to punish her murderer.

"We appreciate you bringing this information to our attention and asking for our approval, Magus Verhen." Meron needed but a glance to read the fury hiding under Sylpha’s calm appearance.

"The matter is far below your notice, but we understand your concern. The Crown hereby temporarily extends your authority as the Protector of the Lustria County to the entire Distar Marquisate.

"You will be granted access to all information and resources you may need, and can perform a summary judgment of anyone you find involved in crimes against the Kingdom or who obstructs your investigation, no matter their social standing.

"There is only one exception to this rule. You must inform Marchioness Distar before executing the entirety of a local ruler’s household or stripping them of their authority. The chain of command can be changed, but it cannot be broken at any time.

"The people of the various counties must always have someone they can call in the event a crisis arises. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Your Majesty." Lith replied. "How long does replacing a ruling household take? Time might be a factor, and being untouchable might make corrupt nobles unwilling to cooperate until it’s too late."

"A few hours at worst." The King shrugged. "Every ruler, no matter how small their fief is, has more than one rival family that only waits for the opportunity to take their place.

"Such households form a shadow government that follows the major events taking place in the fief and make their own decision, comparing the results achieved by the real ruler with the estimates of what would have happened if they had it their way.

"It makes an excellent practice for those with real administrative talent and humbles those who don’t have it. Moreover, it helps rival households to build their case before petitioning the Royal Court for a takeover.

"It’s what happened when Lady Nerea reported the Trahans and the Ghishals, or when Archon Ernas found the evidence of Deirus’ treachery. There was no power vacuum because there was always someone who had waited for years, if not generations, to replace their rival."

"I see." Lith nodded. "Now, with your permission, Your Majesties, there is someone who also would like to exchange a few words with you."

Lith gave the Royals a bow and stepped back.

Handing over the communication amulet in the middle of a remote audience was highly unorthodox, but the King and Queen assumed their Supreme Magus had good reasons to do it.

’Maybe he wants to show us Elysia’s magical prowess, or maybe Raldarak developed new unknown features as an evolved human.’Sylpha said via the mind link.

When Jirni’s hologram appeared in the Throne Room, the Royals furrowed their brows.

"What’s the meaning of this, Archon Ernas? You have your own communication amulet, and we expect you to use it in private." Sylpha asked.

"Whether this conversation is about state matters or just a social call, it’s improper to perform it in the presence of Magus Verhen, just as it was improper of you to spectate his audience uninvited."

"I apologize for the breach in etiquette, Your Majesties, but I can assure you this is no breach of security and that I have good reasons to resort to this ploy." Jirni replied while going down on her right knee. "Please, allow me to explain."

The Royals nodded for her to continue, and Jirni told them about the looming threat to her life and her desire to join Lith’s investigation to test the waters.

"This explains why you suddenly refused to perform your duty and your prolonged absence from the Royal Court." Meron’s eyes narrowed in displeasure. "Who are these people who are after your life, and why didn’t you inform us of your predicament? We could have helped you."

"No, you could not and you still can’t." Jirni shook her head. "I’m facing a group of Awakened who blame me for the events that followed my daughter Phloria falling prey to the Mad Queen’s slave array, and the treaty you signed with the Council ties your hands.

"You have to follow Awakened justice on such matters, and since the Awakened are only after my life, not the entire Ernas Household, it would have been foolish of me to force you to choose between me and your newfound ally."

’Archon Ernas is right.’Meron thought after mulling over her words for a while.’If she asked for our help, we would have been between a rock and a hard place. Siding with Archon Ernas would have destroyed our relationship with the Council, while abandoning her would have humiliated us.

’The Crown would have been proven helpless to protect one of its most loyal and successful retainers. By keeping us in the dark, Archon Ernas protected the peace of the Kingdom and the Crown’s honor.’

"Also, I didn’t inform you of my predicament earlier because my enemies are powerful enough to have planted their agents inside the Royal Court." Jirni continued. "I couldn’t risk someone overheard our conversation and used it against me.

"They are unlikely to monitor Magus Verhen’s calls, and even if they did, they can’t stay for long without risking getting caught. I’m confident that after Lith expressed his interest in the minor issue of the Distar Marquisate, my enemy’s agents left the Throne Room."

"The Crown praises your resourcefulness, yet we cannot help but wonder why you want to return to active duty now, and why start from such an unremarkable case." Sylpha said.