Supreme Magus

Chapter 4055: Stealing the Spotlight (Part 2)

No matter how good Friya’s relationship with Lith was, it would be an insult to the Ernas ancestors and a blatant disregard for traditions.

The only thing that didn’t raise questions was the sudden rush to the marriage.

’Friya Ernas must be pregnant.’Sylpha thought.’The humble origin of her fiancé is already a matter of gossip and a source of scandal. Giving birth out of wedlock would be a hit that even the immaculate reputation of a powerful household like the Ernas can’t afford.’

"We agree with your plan." The King nodded. "Albeit holding a marriage in another household is unconventional, it will set a perfect stage for the unveiling of your Indech form.

"It will be easy for us to assemble the most important figures of the Kingdom at your home with the pretext of the ceremony. After it ends, you’ll reveal the new power of your bloodline, stealing the spotlight from Narchat.

"If we play our cards well, his recent victory will fade into the background of public attention, and everyone will focus on you. Yet this comes at a price, and I’m not referring to Lady Ernas being outshone on the day of her wedding.

"To achieve the maximum effect, you must show us something the Indech can do. Do not explain it nor go into details, the only thing that matters is that it must be an ability that can’t be explained with regular magic."

Meron stared at Lith for a second before he nodded for the King to continue.

"Also, you’ll have to let our honored guests touch and examine you."

"I beg your pardon?" Lith’s mouth curled up in displeasure at the idea.

"Nothing scandalous." Meron dismissed Lith’s doubts with a sweep of his hand. "Your wings and arms will do. As for the examining, I mean diagnostic spells. If you don’t let Healers ensure your Indech form possesses an unknown life force, people like Narchat will claim it’s just a hologram or shapeshifting.

"There must be no doubt about the potential of the Verhen bloodline for your plan to succeed and prevent more Awakened from joining Narchat’s side. Otherwise, we might as well keep everything under wraps."

"Sadly, it makes sense." Lith sighed. Just the thought of being swarmed and touched by strangers irked him to no end. "But I can only talk for myself."

"As long as they keep themselves to wings and arms, I agree as well." Tista nodded. "But I won’t be examined like a prize cow. Only professional Healers will use their spells on me."

"Of course." Sylpha nodded. "Lady Verhen?"

"I’m not afraid of foul play. My children and I are protected." Kamila replied. "Yet I don’t want this to become an excuse to poke and prod us. They take one look at our Indech form, and that’s it."

"That’s a reasonable request." The King replied. "Discuss the details with the soon-to-be bride, Lady Ernas, and let her take care of all further communications with us. I also suggest that you invite the Awakened community to the marriage.

"The Indech form will have a much greater impact if the potential Upyr recruits can hear about it from someone they know and trust instead of relying on second-hand information.

"The bigger scene the ancient Awakened bloodlines make about the Indech, the fewer people will throw away their future for the hopefully flawed and incomplete power Narchat offers." Meron said, and Lith nodded.

"If there isn’t anything else, we’ll take our leave. In the short span of this conversation, our workload has almost doubled." The King pointed at the new red dots on the holographic map and the old ones blinking, indicating new reports that needed the Royals’ reading and approval.

"Royals out." Sylpha gestured the Verhens away, and the hologram disappeared.

"That went well. Now, for the hard part." Lith turned toward Kamila. "Kami, you find the most polite and sensible way to explain to Friya why we are hijacking her marriage."

"But-"

"Don’t worry, I believe in you." He kissed her forehead, cutting her short.

"Yeah, right." She grunted as soon as she recovered from the surprise. "You’re just passing the buck to me because you know Friya won’t lash out at a pregnant woman!"

"You’re wrong." Lith tutted. "It’s not like she won’t. She can’t. You are under the protection of the Guardians, remember?"

***

"I’m going to kill someone for this!" Friya snarled when Kamila broke the news to her, and was met with an intense stare from Leegaain. "Of course, not you, Kami. You’re innocent. Lith!"

"Yes?" He replied.

"Auie Ia! Hi!" Elysia said from his arms.

"Oh, gods, she’s so cute! She said my name!" Friya took Elysia from Lith, her rage evaporating as the baby girl cooed and giggled. "Wait, this isn’t right. I’m angry with you, Lith."

"Num-num, Auie. Num-num." Elysia said, begging to be fed.

"My poor fairy is hungry? This is bad. Where’s the baby food?"

"Top shelf on your left." Lith replied.

Elysia was halfway through her apple cream when Friya finally remembered the reason she had chased Lith through the house. Rage rose from her gut, and her eyes became cold.

"You!"

"Me?" Elysia looked scared, staring at Friya with her big brown eyes. "Soy?"

"Don’t apologize, sweetie. You’ve done nothing wrong. You’re perfect. You have done nothing wrong!" The rage burst like a soap bubble and was replaced by guilt. "Your dad, however-"

"Dya!" Elysia giggled. "Dad be! Be!"

Telling a baby that her dad wasn’t the best was out of the question. Every fiber of Friya’s body screamed with maternal instinct, twisting itself at the thought.

"Yes, sweetie. Your dad is the best." Friya’s smile didn’t extend to her eyes as she glared at Lith. "One day, I will ’talk’ to him in private. Up close and personal."

"And then you’ll have to explain to Ely what happened to me." Lith replied, pointing at the baby girl who was trying to bring the spoonful of apple cream in Friya’s hand to her mouth.

"Auie?" Elysia asked, noticing the tension between the two.

"Fine." Any threat Friya could come up with became emptier by the second. "You win."

"Dya be! Be!" Elysia puffed her chest with pride.

She didn’t know what was happening, but a victory was still a victory.

***

Griffon Kingdom, Esialn region, Mount Pagor, at the same time.

Erghak had been true to his word and alerted the Griffons of his suspicions.

They came to check on Jorl’s nest later than Tyris, but only out of need. The arrays protecting the Storm Griffon’s residence were still at full strength, and his siblings couldn’t bring down the mountain on a mere suspicion.

They needed time and the means to measure the intensity of the magical aura of the caves’ content before doing something drastic. Once the Griffons uncovered the truth, they contacted Tyris just to discover she already knew everything.

"I’m not certain Jorl has joined Meln Narchat, only that I can’t find him, no matter how hard I try." She said.

"Whatever the answer, he defied your decree, Mother." Rethia the Wind Griffon said. "What is your will?"

"I’ll let you decide, children." Tyris replied. "If Jorl really has become an Upyr and reached the violet, I won’t endanger your lives to pursue my revenge."

"Thanks, Mother, but this is not just about revenge." Rethia said.