Supreme Magus

Chapter 3916: Family Bond (Part 1)

"I know and I will." Lith turned his head to kiss her. "After we find a way to heal Zor. She doesn’t have long, and I’m the only one who can fill the Spirit Storage."

"I’ll take you up on that." Kamila kissed him back. "Please, don’t take this the wrong way. Consider it just a small incentive."

She floated in the air and landed on his lap.

"What’s to take the w-" Then, Kamila’s skin turned red and she shapeshifted in her Indech form.

She grew a pair of snow-white wings, and her body expanded by several centimeters in every direction. Her bosom reached unprecedented proportions and Lith’s eye level.

"Once you save Zor’s life, we have a lot of experimenting to do, okay?" She whispered in his ear with a sultry voice as she wrapped him in her wings like Lith usually did to her.

"This is not an incentive, woman. This is straight torture if not even tier one Forbidden Magic." Lith groaned as he felt his determination hardening, among other things.

"Thank you." She giggled. "Yesterday, I achieved a partial transformation since it was my first time and I shapeshifted only due to the resonance between you and our children. After a bit of practice, I learned how to do this."

"I’m proud of you, Kami." Lith buried his head in the softness of her chest. "Your curiosity and thirst for knowledge are worthy of a first-class mage."

"Pervert." She replied. "By the way, where do you think I take the extra mass? I’m taller in all my forms, but unlike you, I’m just human."

"Beats me." The limited blood flow to Lith’s brain impaired his upper functions. "Maybe it’s due to the world energy absorbed by the human wings, or maybe it’s the life force boost due to Ral. I don’t care.

"I’m not going to look the gift horse in the bre- I mean, mouth. That’s the least interesting aspect of its anatomy."

"Pervert." She reverted to her human form and gave him a deep kiss. "Do you feel better now?"

"Galvanized." Lith’s body was full of vigor, ready to fight to the death anyone who dared keep him away from his bedroom. "But also hungry, and I’m going to need a lot of energy today."

Due to his perverted expression and her position, Kamila would have misunderstood his words if the Voidwalker armor hadn’t shapeshifted into Lith’s day clothes.

"Okay." Her cheeks flushed as her nightgown turned into a summer dress.

"Why are you blushing?" Lith asked.

"I’m not blushing!" She lied, turning even redder.

"Pervert." Lith playfully slapped her buttocks as she stood up. "My ideal kind of woman."

"You didn’t set Ripha free already, right?" Kamila cleared her throat in embarrassment.

"Of course not." He replied. "I’m going to summon all my Demons here, so keep your hands to yourself and don’t embarrass me."

"Lith!"

"What did he do this time?" Menadion asked from behind the bathroom door, where Lith had her and Valia take form.

"Nothing!" Kamila left the room in a hurry to avoid further questions.

"Thanks for waking me up first, Lith." Without a body or the hologram giving them a human appearance, the Demons were featureless, but their curves and muscles were still outlined.

In Menadion’s case, she was still a sight to behold and one she didn’t like showing to anyone. It was the reason Lith always conjured her in an adjacent room where he placed her clothes in advance.

Valia followed Menadion’s same routine only out of solidarity. Her body was still intact and fully dressed, so she had no such problem.

"I’ll go wake up Epphy. Bye!" Menadion Warped without waiting for an answer.

"I’m going to wish our parents good morning." Trion had lots of time and wrongdoings to make up for, which made him a stickler for his filial duties.

"My liege." Valia, Varegrave, and Locrias, instead, just gave Lith a small bow before going to their respective families.

***

Much to Menadion’s surprise, Solus was already up and in good company.

"I’m sorry to bother you so early, Auntie Solus." Aran said.

"It’s fine." She replied with a yawn so wide that it would have embarrassed a bear straight out of hibernation. "What can I do for you, kids?"

"Can you enchant this for us, please?" Leria offered a pendant shaped like a silver coin, but crafted in Orichalcum.

"Enchant how?" Solus scratched her bed hair and yawned again.

"Solus Elphyn Althena Menadion!" Ripha’s angry voice drove the lingering drowsiness away from Solus’ body. "Is this how a lady meets her family or how a craftsman her clients? People can see your molars from Lutia!"

"Mom! I mean, I’m sorry. I just woke up." Solus straightened up, shapeshifted her baggy pajamas into clothes, and tried to fix her hair.

"Don’t apologize to me, young lady." Menadion grunted. "Apologize to them."

"I’m sorry, kids." A quick bow whipped Aran and Leria with a heavy mass of unkempt hair.

"No problem, Auntie." The children stepped back to a safe distance. "We need a protective enchantment. Something that can protect the locket from Aunt Zor."

"It’s doable." Menadion nodded, combing Solus’ hair. "When do you need it?"

"Now." Leria cleared her throat. "We tried to ask you and Uncle Lith yesterday, but you left right after dinner."

Solus took the pendant in her hand, recognizing both its design and purpose.

"Time is not an issue." She nodded. "One enchantment is a quick job. We’ll reset it with Creation Magic and add the rest later."

***

"Zor?" Bytra shook the Shadow Dragon gently. "Get up. It’s breakfast time."

For a few seconds after Zoreth opened her eyes, she felt at peace. Her mind buried the memory of the past few days, fooling her into thinking it was all a bad dream. That she and Bytra had never left the Vastor Household, and everything was fine.

Then, the first pang dispelled the illusion, and those that followed reminded Zoreth of her condition.

"Did Lith find a cure?" She asked while accepting the glass of Red Dragon that Bytra offered her.

"I wish." The Raiju sighed.

"Then why did you wake me up?" Zoreth growled. "Eating now or later makes no difference. I’m not in the mood for company."

"The kids are worried about you and begged to see you." Bytra replied.

"Oh, great!" Zoreth snorted, but still gestured for Bytra to help her get out of the bed and onto the floating chair. "This is the last thing I needed in a long list of things I wanted to avoid."

Bytra said nothing. During the night, she had gone multiple times to the Infirmary to check for improvements in her wife’s prognosis. Baba Yaga’s spell kept Zoreth’s life forces from deteriorating, but did nothing to stop their relentless self-destruction.

Zoreth couldn’t stand up or move without help, so Lith had moved the dining room of the tower to the same floor as the living quarters. Bytra had only to push the floating chair across two rooms to reach her destination.

By the time they entered the dining room, the Verhen family was already assembled and lined up to greet the couple.

"How do you feel today, Auntie Zor?" Aran did his best to avoid staring at the deep pain lines and the twitching in the Shadow Dragon’s limbs.