Supreme Magus

Chapter 3955: Fusion Overload (Part 2)

"This way we’ll have four adorable little rascals at our table."

’Stupid Drake!’Ajatar inwardly cursed. ’You just raised the baby fever by two degrees!’

***

Verhen Mansion, a few days later.

Friya had already shared the news about Faluel’s experiments and received plenty of check-ups, but she insisted on visiting the Infirmary to ensure everything was fine with her babies.

After the tower allayed her fears and Haug filled her stomach with delicious food, everyone felt calm enough to resume training with Ryla.

"This is so annoying." Lith said while shapeshifting from Indech to Tiamat and trying the few things he had learned in both forms. "I have a decent grasp on my human abilities as an Indech, but I’m still terrible at it in my Tiamat form."

Not only had he never managed to conjure his third set of wings on his own, but he had also failed to achieve anything as a Tiamat aside from increasing the speed with which his wings absorbed the world energy.

"Define decent grasp." Morok mocked him. "You can’t even do this."

The Tyrant drew world energy from his wings and released it in a blue pillar from his water eye.

"You’re wrong." Lith smirked. "I can do it, but I need a few extra steps than you. Watch and learn, you scrubs."

Lith used Swirling Wind to separate the water element from the world energy and gather it around him. Then, he let go of Swirling Wind, and his wings absorbed the water element in a heartbeat.

The overload lit up Lith’s blue eye, making it crackle with power until a second blue pillar streaked across the sky above the mansion.

"And before you ask, I can do that with all elements." Lith’s labored breath made his bragging less effective.

"Congratulations, Uncle Lith!" Garrik shot his own water pillar with no preparation and then shot five more, one for each element. "You are so cool."

The young Fomor wasn’t being sarcastic, which made his feat and words even more annoying.

"Thanks, Garrik." Lith sighed. "But I guess I’m no match for you."

"Mom trained me for months, and I’m a Fomor from birth." Garrik tilted his head. "If you caught up to me in just a few lessons, it would mean I have no talent."

"Speaking of no talent, how are you two doing?" Morok turned to Tista and Zoreth.

"I’m still lagging behind the class. Thank you for asking." The Arke replied. "I don’t lack talent, though. I belong to a different species, so while you can just follow the path paved by the Fomors, I have to find my own. Still..."

Zoreth took a deep breath, and her blue arm shone with elemental light. It took her focus, control, and several seconds, but she managed to project a water pillar from her eye. Once she was done, however, part of her arm had reverted to a dull blue.

"What about you, Big Sis?" Lith asked.

"Even as an Indech, my ability to absorb world energy is still too limited." She sighed. "This is the best I can do."

Half of her pristine wings turned blue, and a beam the size of a breadstick erupted from her water eye.

"That’s not much worse than what I can do without using Swirling Wind." Lith patted her shoulder to console her.

"Yeah. Too bad I didn’t think about doing that. You’ll have to teach me that trick, Lil Bro." Tista said.

"I want to learn it too!" Garrik raised and waved his hand in a frenzy. "That was cool, and I want to see what I can do with so much world energy."

"Same." Morok gave Lith the thumbs up. "It’s a nifty trick and might help unclog my poor excuse for wings."

"If you liked that, wait until you see this." Tista lowered her stance, unfurled her wings, and took a series of deep breaths.

Her feathers were still blue, and only half of them managed to pull the surrounding water element into her body. Several seconds passed, and nothing happened, but no one said a word.

They trusted Tista and knew that with her current abilities, conjuring any amount of elemental energy would take her some time. As Tista exhaled, her aura switched from violet to blue.

When more than half her aura changed color, the air became cold enough for everyone to notice the drop in temperature despite their enhanced physiques. When Tista’s aura turned completely blue, her water eye lit up and crackled with energy.

The grass below her feet froze, and a thin layer of ice formed over her skin.

"Cast a weak elemental spell against me. Any spell will do." She said, and Morok obliged.

A small darkness bullet with enough power to kill a beetle erupted from his finger and crashed against her aura, fading into nothingness.

"I said weak spells. That barely qualifies as chore magic." As she continued to breathe, the layer of ice became thicker and spread across her body.

"Okay." Lith conjured the tier one air magic spell, Discharge, releasing an electric current strong enough to hurt a cow or paralyze an adult man.

Discharge too crashed against the blue aura, losing part of its power, and then broke upon contact with the ice. Those with Life Vision saw the mana being torn away from the world energy, neutralizing the spell.

Lith then tried a tier two spell that caused no damage as well, and then a tier three Lightning Bolt.

"I felt that." Tista grimaced as if stung by an insect, but that was it. "Well? What do you think?"

Panting replaced her deep breaths, and the layer of ice covering her disappeared in less than a second.

"Was that Raging Severance?" Ryla asked when she noticed that the air was getting warmer and the frozen grass thawed at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Yes." Tista wheezed, needing to sit down. "And as Lith said, I can do that with all elements."

"Really?" Ryla asked with genuine curiosity. "Even light and darkness?"

"Yes, but they don’t do anything, yet." Tista nodded.

"Still, this is very interesting." The Fomor said. "Would you mind teaching me how you did that? I have yet to learn how to conjure Umbral Shift and Lightforged properly, and this could help me."

"Color me offended, Ryla." Tista glared at the Fomor, cutting her short before she could apologize. "You’ve taught me anything I know. This is the fruit of your lessons, so it’s only fair that I share it with you and the rest of the class."

"Thank you." Ryla gave a polite bow. "I know mages don’t like sharing their research in the outside world, and I was afraid I had crossed a boundary."

"Don’t worry." Tista stood up the moment her panting stopped. "What you just saw is a combination of what you taught us about Swirling Wind, fusion magic, and elemental amplification with our eyes.

"I circulate a single element with fusion magic, I fuel it with what I can absorb from the world energy through my wings, and then I amplify it with the corresponding eye. First you-"

Ryla’s black eye lit up with the darkness element, and so did her wings. A split second later, she had switched places with her shadow without the need for using dimensional magic.