Supreme Magus

Chapter 4223: Unexpected Mercy (Part 2)

"That’s hard to say." Ygri replied. "You’ve proven to be smart and resourceful, Elder Imosi, and I’m not sure we can kill the rest of your kinsfolk without incurring losses.

"You have nothing we want, and there is no point in spilling more Ishara’s blood unless you force us to."

Yet even under such dire circumstances, he couldn’t afford to ignore Ygri’s words.

The Elder thought while lowering two of his eyes to check on the Spirit Barrier in his palm.

Imosi looked all around the meadows with Life Vision but found nothing.

"Because you overlooked the only place that mattered." A familiar voice replied. "Your own barrier. It wasn’t hard to open a small Spirit Steps inside your spell and let the fungus folk join me.

"Remaining still in the same place allowed you to cover all your blind spots, except for the one you yourself created."

Kalla the Wight stood on all fours, her broken body still in the process of mending itself. The fungus folk floated around her, worried about her condition, while Loma quickly regrew his body from the pile of food that she had taken out of her dimensional amulet.

"You should be dead." Disbelief lowered Imosi’s voice to a whisper. "I killed you with my pincers. I felt your life force crumble with my breathing technique."

"Technically, you are right." Kalla nodded, buying more time for Loma to recover and the Hordes to complete the Annihilation. "I should be dead, but as you see, I’m a semi-Lich."

She pointed at the white crystal as big as an apple that she carried on her neck.

"Unlike a real phylactery, it has a pathetically short range, but it was more than enough."

"I didn’t stage my death." Kalla shook her head. "I merely prepared for it. I was trying to buy my allies the time to arrive, but you killed me way too quickly. I didn’t expect you to almost kill Loma either.

"And luckily for you Isharas, too." Zarta, the black Horde, snarled. "Had Loma died, I would have your blood at all costs."

Imosi didn’t listen to a word Zarta said.

Imosi’s maw clicked open, and his body fell down without a care for his legs breaking upon landing. A long, chirruping scream of despair erupted from his throat long before he reached the ground.

The other four Isharas fell to the ground one after another, joining their Elder with cries of defeat and letting all the spells they kept at the ready fade away.

"We have still to hear your answer." Shen, the grey Horde, said. "We are not lowering our guard or dropping our spells until you get out of here."

Imosi wanted to keep trashing and screaming, but the Annihilation was aimed at the Isharas and ready to fire.

"We surrender." The Elder actually said. "Let us take the bodies of our fallen siblings, and we’ll leave immediately."

"Then do so." Ygri nodded.

"If you ever were done with them, you mean." Zarta corrected him. "And not before having tried everything you deemed necessary. No matter how cruel the method was.

"That I won’t deny." Imosi sighed. "Yet only as a last resort. I would have prayed every night for things not to come to that."

The Elder didn’t reply, opening a long-distance Warp Steps that he crossed last to ensure that the Hordes didn’t go back on their word and that grief didn’t rob Utho of his mind first and his life second.

"Of course I am, silly child." The Wight lapped Nyka’s face. "I didn’t spend so much time in my lab working for nothing. I told you I had achieved a proto-life vessel months ago. And you dare call me forgetful."

"The rumors were true then." Zarta stared at Kalla with greed. "The Eyes and the Ears of Menadion. In the same place."

"In the hands of our allies and saviors!" Ygri snarled, and the fungus folk clouded mother and daughter to protect them. "Loma is alive because of the Wight. Our youngest is safe because of her. Is this how you repay grace?"