Supreme Magus

Chapter 4105: Setting the Trap (Part 2)

Their only options had been to go to the Blood Desert and ask Salaark for hospitality in her beach house. The Overlord had graciously agreed, according to the couple the same privileges Lith and Kamila had enjoyed during their honeymoon.

"Stupid calendar." Nalrond sighed. "Our fifteen days are almost over. Time sure flies when nobody tries to kill you."

"It sure does. I- wait a second." Friya felt something tug at her consciousness and answered her communication amulet. "The good news is that’s not my parents. The bad news is that’s Lith."

"Why is that bad news?" Nalrond asked.

"When is the last time he called you just to chat?" Friya grunted. "He only remembers communication amulets exist when he needs something."

"Sad, but true. Why aren’t you answering?" He said.

"Are you crazy?" Friya was wearing a bikini that left a lot of skin exposed, while Nalrond wore swim trunks. She had her armor cover her from neck to toe before pressing the rune. "Put your clothes on. I do mind sharing."

He chuckled, but did as bidden.

"I’m sorry to bother you during your honeymoon, but there’s something you need to hear." Lith said the moment his hologram appeared.

"Hello to you too, Lith. It’s nice to see you again. How was your honeymoon? Ours was fine until you called." Friya smiled and her voice sounded sweet, but it dripped so much sarcasm that the rest of Mogar ran out of it.

"Fine, I’m sorry." He sighed. "To my defense, I’m not worried about you guys because Jirni and Quylla give me extensive reports every time they call you. There was no point in annoying you just to hear what I already know."

"Too little and too late." She shook her head. "Get to the point."

"There have been several sightings of creatures that might be Upyrs, and the Crown asked me to investigate." Lith replied. "I’m going with Tista, Morok, and Protector, plus two more helpers.

"Since your family is in need of merits to prolong your parents’ leave, I wanted to know if Nalrond is interested in participating."

"What about me?" Friya’s eyes narrowed.

"It’s cold, and you’re pregnant." Lith replied. "Do I have to remind a fellow Healer how dangerous the first time is?"

"No, but if it’s really a scouting mission, you can use my help to observe from a distance or retreat quickly." Friya said. "Also, if the other two guys are Awakened with a violet core, eight is the perfect number.

"You can conjure an anti-Guardian spell while I open a retreat Warp. As for the cold, I’ll crank the heating enchantment of my armor to the maximum."

"These are all fair points, but I’ve yet to hear Nalrond’s answer." Lith said.

"Count me in." The Agni nodded. "I’m itching to try my new spells, and I can use a practice match against Upyrs. That said, I’m not sure you should come with us, Friya."

"Me neither." She replied, surprising everyone. "Believe me, I know the risks, and I’d never put our twins in danger just to prove a point. Yet this is going to be my first and last opportunity to go on a mission with my powers boosted.

"With my current abilities, I’m confident I can stay in the backline and make a difference. I promise you I won’t do anything stupid and I’ll just shoot people from a distance with Thundercrash."

She noticed Nalrond’s hesitation, so she added:

"If Narchat comes looking for us, he won’t knock on our door or give me time to prepare. I can use a bit of practice against Upyrs as well, especially while I still have margin for error. If something goes wrong, one of you can save me."

"Fine, dammit." Nalrond sighed. "When and where?"

"As soon as you can." Lith replied. "Our suspects are in the Nestrar region, in the western area of the Kingdom."

"Give us five minutes, and we’ll be there. House or Mansion?" Friya asked.

"House. I’ll wait for you in the barn. Lith out." The moment the hologram disappeared, Nalrond frowned at Friya.

"What? You said you were okay with me coming." She tilted her head, feigning ignorance.

"I was lying." He snorted. "I didn’t want to argue in front of Lith."

"Too bad. A victory is still a victory." Friya stuck her tongue out before rushing to the bathroom.

There was no way she would go on a mission with a full bladder. She had lived with Quylla and Kamila long enough to know that some problems couldn’t be underestimated.

***

Nestrar Region, Mirana Barony, at the same time.

"Was it really necessary to expose our presence like that, Jorl?" Akhton the Bastet asked.

There was no reproach in his voice, only curiosity. He considered the Storm Griffon his mentor and knew that he would never make such a silly mistake without a good reason.

"We lost our tail, didn’t we?" Jorl smirked. "Since Orpal doesn’t trust us even after so long, I needed to get rid of his goon without arousing suspicions. I ’slipped up’ and now he’s too busy dealing with the army and Association."

"And knowing Orpal, he’ll blame the goon for getting caught." Akhton nodded. "He can’t take it on you without admitting he had us followed."

"Meln Narchat admitting he made a mistake?" Salanoth scoffed at the thought. "When the sun freezes over. Maybe."

"Let’s make this quick. If the Kingdom sends someone after us and somehow they can find our traces, I don’t want to get caught." Jorl said. "Even worse, I don’t want the existence of the Black Throne to be exposed."

"That’s a lot of ifs." Uragar said while using the Cleansing spell to erase their energy signatures as they flew towards the meeting point. "Besides, even I don’t know what the Black Throne looks like now.

"I never met him. All our communications took place via amulet while deliveries and payments were left at drop spots. Mere mortals would never recognize him, and even if someone stumbles upon our meeting, they’ll never know what hit them."

***

"I’m against this." Orion said as soon as Friya stepped through the Warp Gate in the barn.

"Me too. You should stay home and rest." Jirni nodded.

"Wow. Three against one." Friya snorted. "Too bad this isn’t a democracy. Lith?"

"She’s right. Bye." A snap of his fingers brought everyone in the tower via the Warp Mirror. "Here’s Thundercrash latest model."

Friya took the gun and imprinted it.

"Lock and loaded. What about the mission?"

"Adding the reports to the Library right now." Lith said, and a thick folder of papers appeared in everyone’s mind.

Strange movements had been spotted near numerous cities of strategic importance in the Nestrar region, yet any attempt to follow and identify the unknown creatures had always failed.

They were fast, discreet, and left no trace. If not for the tightened security measures after the first Upyr assault, the creatures would have gone unnoticed. On top of that, the multiple sightings had already ruled out the possibility of mere migratory beasts.

According to the reports, just a few minutes ago, the arrays of Mirana had detected a high-speed trespasser. While investigating what had triggered the alarm, the mages of the Association had come across an Upyr.