Supreme Magus

Chapter 3868: Make It Count (Part 1)

A stream of lightning bolts erupted from the man’s fingers, sending the prisoners writhing onto the floor in a seizure. It lasted for less than a second, but more than enough to demonstrate the consequences of defiance.

"Hands against the walls." The man said for a third time, and most prisoners rushed to obey.

Those who were too slow or surprised to comply were punished with more lightning bolts, prodded like cattle until they behaved.

"Hold still." The man extended his hand again, releasing a delicate jet of warm water.

Some screamed in fear and tried to escape. For them, the jet became violent and cold, nailing them to the wall until the panicked prisoners ceased their pointless struggle. Most, like Aryk, had lived long enough in the slums to learn the rules of that kind of game and stuck to the wall.

’I don’t remember the last time I spent so long soaked in warm water.’Aryk thought after he got used to the constant stream of warm water and relaxed his tense muscles.

"Remain still." The man emitted a series of pulses of something that Aryk could only define as a black light from his hand.

Once the pulses ended, he washed the prisoners with one last, prolonged jet of warm water.

Aryk remained horrified by the sheer mass of dirt, scabs, and insects that washed over the floor and into the drain.

"We are almost done." The warden said. "Keep calm and remain still."

Before Aryk could get cold from his drenched clothes, a wave of the man’s hand removed most of the water and sent it down the drain. Another flick of his wrist conjured a warm air current that dried the hair, skin, and clothes of the prisoners.

’I don’t stink anymore.’Aryk sniffed his armpits. ’Nobody stinks anymore. That bastard even washed our clothes!’

"Eat." The warden moved away from the door, and one tray of food was delivered to each prisoner. "Stealing is not allowed. Saving food is not allowed. If I catch you doing anything funny, I’ll shock you in line. Are we clear?"

The tray contained a large bowl of hot stew filled with fresh vegetables and tender meat, one loaf of bread, and a cup of honeyed strawberries. Aryk had never tasted honey, let alone strawberries, and he wasn’t the only one.

The prisoners looked at the steaming trays, their mouths watering, but they were too afraid to take a single bite. There was no such thing as a free meal in the slums, and they held themselves back, thinking it a sick test of discipline.

"I said eat!" The man extended his hand again, and everyone flinched.

"I’m sorry, sir." A man said, but didn’t dare so much as touch the food. "Is this really for us?"

"Yes." The warden answered the question without unleashing a single bolt. "Now eat."

The prisoner obeyed, and when the others saw that he didn’t die on the spot and no one beat him into a pulp, they wolfed down the delicious meal.

"This is it for now." The warden said. "Use the hay to sleep and the drain to do your business. Always use the tap to clean yourselves and flush the shit once you’re done."

By pressing a button right above the drain, a small stream of water poured out of a metal nozzle.

"Fighting is forbidden. You hurt someone, I hurt you back. See you for dinner." The warden walked out of the cell and closed the door.

In less than five minutes, the room was divided into three areas. The men, the women, and the youths. Aryk was among the latter, forced to sleep near the drain by the older and stronger inmates.

’At least there is no smell.’He grimaced.’But having to watch a bunch of old timers taking their pants down is disgusting anyway.’

"Where are you from?" A small boy, probably the youngest of the litter, asked.

"I’m from the slums of Dekari." Aryk replied without thinking.

"Me too!" The boy smiled as though Aryk had given him a gift, revealing that he had a few missing teeth. "I sleep under the Agni bridge. What about you?"

"Are you stupid?" Aryk frowned. "Never reveal the position of your stuff, or someone will steal it from you!"

"Why? Do you think they’ll let us go?" The question was stunning in its naivety. "The lightning man said we’ll stay here until dinner. If I don’t go back home soon, someone will find my stash anyway."

"I sleep in an abandoned building between Claw and Brimstone." Aryk sighed.

"Liar." Said a blonde girl who was about Aryk’s age. "I know the place. The building is condemned and all entrances are sealed."

"I’m not a liar!" He snarled. "I found a crack behind a trash heap. It’s too small for an adult, but I can still fit. Barely."

"Then how did those men get in and capture you?" The girl sneered.

"From the door." The small boy replied, drawing all eyes to himself. "Isn’t that obvious? They are mages. Picking a lock shouldn’t be too difficult for them."

"I’m Aryk." He offered his hand to the boy, who shook it.

"I don’t have a name." The young boy lowered his gaze, his amber eyes misting with tears. "People call me you, rat, and fuck off."

"Well, you are too wise to be a rat." Aryk nodded. "I’ll call you Owl."

"Thanks!" Owl gave Aryk another toothless smile.

"I’m Lilax." The girl said. "I sleep at-"

A quarrel broke out between two women for a particularly fluffy piece of hay. The warden arrived right when the first slap was thrown, lashing at the woman with a whip of lightning thrice before healing her.

"The next time it will be five lashes." He warned her. "I need you healthy, not happy. Remember that."

"I sleep at the corner between Emperor Road and Tailor." The girl said as soon as the warden left. "The guards never send me away, and sometimes a generous soul gives me a coin."

"Only because you are a girl." Aryk scoffed. "When I tried that, I got splashed with cold water."

Many youths nodded.

"Well, at least you don’t get harassed by creeps!" She scoffed back, and the girls backed her.

"Yeah, right." Aryk laughed in her face, and the boys joined him. "You have no idea how many hags think I’ll do anything for a warm meal. I-"

"Why are you competing?" Owl asked, cutting Aryk short. "Who cares who is the unluckiest among us? Our lives still suck."

An awkward silence fell over the room. Many prisoners felt humbled by the simplicity of Owl’s reasoning.

"At least we are talking." Aryk shrugged. "At least we are still alive."

"Can you watch me while I sleep?" Owl asked. "I’m tired, and I don’t know anyone else here. I’ll return you the favor when I get up."

"Sure." Aryk replied. "Sleep tight, buddy."

"Please, watch him." Owl turned to Lilax. "I’m afraid he’ll fall asleep right after me."

"No problem." Lilax giggled. "Thanks for trusting me."

"I don’t." Owl replied. "You are the only other person I know, and I trust only your pride. Now, if either of you falls asleep, the other can mock them."