Supreme Magus

Chapter 4343: Salanoth’s Pride (Part 1)

Salanoth glanced at Lith’s group for a moment as she prepared for her final blow. Her real target was Tezka, but she couldn’t afford any unknown variable to interfere with her plan.

’How in Mogar’s name are they still alive?’She thought.’Being enveloped by my Eternity Seal spell should be enough to crush those ants. I would kill them where they stand if suppressing Tezka didn’t take all the power my human and Davross vessels can endure.’

’Do you want one of us to disengage and take them out?’Akhton asked.

’Don’t be a fool!’Jorl replied.’If you get too close and one of the Demons hits you with that black fire, you’ll lose your Life Maelstrom and then your life!’

’Also, we are winning only because of our teamwork.’Uragar pointed out.’Without you, Akhton, there is no Mana Aura. Jorl would die after one hit, and Salanoth’s host wouldn’t be able to channel so much mana.’

’Leave Verhen and his lackeys be.’The Ring of Space inwardly cursed.’We’ll deal with them after Tezka is dead. The bastard is much stronger than any rumor I’ve ever heard about him claimed. I need all of you!’

Salanoth called upon the silver lightning coursing through her body and the Mana Body to conjure an Eternity Seal stronger than her maker’s enchantments alone would allow her to.

A powerful gravity field formed around Tezka’s Chaos Dimension, increasing the Fylgja’s weight by a thousand-fold and changing its gravitational acceleration’s direction hundreds of times per second.

The effects of the Eternity Seal were focused and amplified by an external dimensional field that coated the internal gravity field conjured by the spell, allowing it to neutralize the Chaos Dimension.

The pressure generated by the Eternity Seal crushed Tezka’s Chaos Dimension and hit the Fylgja like an avalanche.

The Fylgja’s body was suddenly pulled and pushed in all directions at once. His every attempt to move was resisted by an unstoppable force that wrapped itself around him like a second skin, while leaving the Upyrs free to move.

"With me!" Salanoth roared in savage joy as she shapeshifted into an Upyr 5 meters (17’) tall and her Infinity Blade grew to match her size.

She had spent millennia in a humanoid body and mastered all forms of combat with it, whereas she had acquired her Upyr form for less than a year. The cursed ring kept her size small enough to retain most of her combat skills and big enough to cut Tezka with a single swing of her dimensional weapon.

Uragar followed her example and conjured multiple spells from his pages. Three Life Maelstrom-infused Griffon Fetters to restrain Tezka, and one Dark Mastery to finish him off.

Akhton charged his spear, Ashen Dread, with silver lightning to boost its enchantments as he swooped down on the helpless Fylgja. The Bastet also breathed a full burst of Origin Flames that phased through the Eternity Seal, eating at Tezka’s mana, equipment, and flesh.

As for Jorl, there was already too much magic at play, of which he understood nothing. Most of Tezka’s and Salanoth’s spells made no sense to him, and the more he saw, the more he doubted the Ring of Space needed him for more than his Life Maelstrom.

The Storm Griffon limited himself to following the script Salanoth had prepared for him and Akhton, pushing his Focus Point bloodline ability to the extreme. Every hit of Dusk Wraith would carry the might of Jorl’s entire body and inject enough Thunder Soul to kill a Divine Beast.

Tezka tensed his muscles like bowstrings, but aside from his veins rupturing from the strain and his Suneater armor collapsing under its own weight, he achieved nothing. The gravity field distorted and twisted even his mana while dimensional magic formed an inescapable cage around him.

The finesse and techniques he had mastered over the millennia were useless against Salanoth’s Eternity Seal. Only a spell of comparable or greater might could defeat it.

Tezka released the power stored in his tenth tail, conjuring the array for the Chaos Annihilation. The anti-Guardian spell tore through gravity and space while the Chaos element that replaced darkness disrupted the delicate hepta-elemental balance that the Eternity Gate required.

The Suneater couldn’t afford to aim the Chaos Annihilation at any of his enemies. Unlike him, they were free to Blink, and every second spent chasing after them would weaken the anti-Guardian spell.

Even worse, without Chaos Annihilation’s interference, Salanoth would restore the Eternity Seal before Tezka found a way to counter it. Time had become a priceless currency, and Tezka spent what little he had left wisely

’I can’t open either my dimensional or gravity tail.’The Suneater inwardly cursed.’Which leaves me with only four spells that the cursed ring might turn against me. I need to kill or incapacitate her helpers.

’Without them, she can paralyze me, but she can’t kill me!’

He sent the anti-Guardian spell flying across the cave, tearing apart the nodes of the Severed Sky array and severing the mana lines that connected it to Salanoth.

Nothing stopped his enemies from attacking him, but until Chaos Annihilation disappeared, Tezka was also free to move and fight back.

He sent one of his tails after each one of the Griffon Fetters and a tier four Chaos Spell, Void Hollow, against Dark Mastery. The Chaos pillar pierced through the darkness constructs and then Uragar’s chest.

The gaping hole would soon heal, but without lungs, the human host couldn’t use his breathing technique, and without mana, the Book of Knowledge was nothing but a fancy paperweight.

The three tails released a burst of Cinder, Corruption, and Decay that pulverized the Griffon Fetters and hit the cursed book with enough strength to tear a few of his Davross pages into shreds.

When Jorl arrived, Tezka didn’t waste a single spell on him. The Suneater performed two side swings of Endless Night, swatting the Adamant maces away before performing a lightning-fast lunge.

The counter struck Jorl square in the chest, turning the strength of his charge against him and impaling the Storm Griffon on the Davross blade. The best enchantments of the Black Throne and the Spirit Barrier failed to stop Endless Night from punching a hole through Jorl’s chest.

The Chaos flowing through the blade withered the Storm Griffon’s muscles surrounding the gaping wound and dried up the blood, causing his organs to fail. The healing enchantments of the Starpath armor neutralized the Chaos and reverted it into darkness, but that only spread the damage further.

Salanoth arrived a heartbeat later, so Tezka had no time to deliver the finishing blow. He turned around just in time to raise Endless Night and block the Infinity Blade aimed at his neck.

’Fool! Your Davross blade can easily repair from such a clean cut, whereas you-’The Ring of Space’s smile disappeared when the metal of Endless Night and the dimensional energy of her Infinity Blade clashed to a standstill.

"Fool!" Tezka’s snout curled up into a cruel smirk. "That’s my spell. Did you really think I don’t know it inside out?"

Salanoth threw the set of Adamant chains she had used to ensnare Lith, Snakebite, at Tezka, while Tezka kicked her with enough strength to send her crashing into the wall on the opposite side of the cave.