Supreme Magus

Chapter 3887: Leegaain’s Legacy (Part 2)

Eldritches were the only creatures Mogar had turned its back on, and the six elements recoiled at their touch. It resulted in a difference in speed that pushed Raum further and further back until he was cornered between two stone walls.

"Giving up, already?" The emerald bolt charged forward, and one of its branches took the form of a clawed hand.

The Eldritch tried and failed to dodge. The Chaos struggled to break free from the grip of the Spirit Magic, but it failed as well.

Leegaain slammed the black bolt against the stone floor, grounding it and dispersing Raum’s life essence throughout Mogar.

The sparks of the Eldritch’s energy form travelled hundreds of kilometers per second, getting so far away from the main body and becoming so diluted in the world energy that every trace of Raum’s will was wiped out.

The Wonderer felt his essence weaken and shifted to his Parasite Blossom power core.

The black bolt disappeared, replaced by a black vein that moved through the rock like an infectious disease. Leegaain followed suit, but he needed no power core. Spirit Magic was comprised of all six elements, and he only had to enhance his earth aspect to be welcomed by Mogar’s embrace.

Where Raum dug and corrupted everything on his path, Leegaain’s earth aspect moved along with the planet. The underground flow of world energy carried him like a fish swimming along an oceanic current, the communion reinvigorating the Guardian and replenishing his strength.

’What?’Raum thought as the emerald vein reached him before he could cross more than a dozen meters.

Leegaain’s emerald form surrounded the black, bulging vein of the Eldritch, leaving him no way out but up. The two energy masses struggled for a second, the entire region shaking due to the violence of the conflict.

Then, Leegaain took the choice out of Raum’s hands and threw the Eldritch out.

"I’m not over yet, you bastard!" The Wonderer refused to yield and transformed into a deadly blizzard by activating his Winter Kiss enchantment.

The air became too cold to sustain any form of life, no matter how small, and the stone surface of the canyon became covered in black ice filled with Chaos.

"Me neither." Leegaain recalled the earth aspect of Spirit Fusion and enhanced the water aspect.

An emerald storm broke through the centimeters-thick ice layer and fought ice with ice. Yet while Raum could only pour more mana into the power core and manipulate its limited effects, Leegaain called upon two more elemental aspects.

The fire element weakened only Raum’s black ice, and the darkness element countered the Chaos. The emerald storm’s destructive power grew with each centimeter of ground it gained, while the black blizzard grew weaker.

This time, the Wonderer didn’t wait to be defeated and humiliated before switching tactics. He let go of Winter Kiss and activated another power core, the one belonging to the Blazing Eruption enchantment.

The blizzard turned into a whirlwind of black fire, melting the emerald ice and turning the air so dry that there was no water element left to sustain even a chore magic spell.

"You’ve done many foolish things in your life, Raum, but using fire against a Dragon is by far the most foolish!" Leegaain ignited his life force while still in his Spirit Fusion form, transforming into a living mass of Immortal Flames.

It overpowered, compressed, and destroyed Blazing Eruption so quickly that Raum was forced back into his Eldritch form before he could put up any resistance.

"Well?" Leegaain asked, ceasing the attack long enough for the Wonderer to realize that he had been brought back to the same point where the fight had started. "Do you still have something to show me, or are you ready to call it quits?"

The Eldritch and the Spirit Form stared at each other for a few seconds, one a being who robbed Mogar of its light with his mere presence, while the other enriched it.

"What about this?" Raum focused and amplified the energy of his body to the extreme and then unleashed it in a colossal explosion.

Eldritches were made of Chaos, so he needed no power core nor to call upon any element of the world energy to do this. His Eldritch ability, Dark Haze, flooded the canyon as if an invisible dam had been opened, releasing the murky waters it was supposed to hold at bay.

"I stand corrected." Leegaain replied. "This is the most foolish thing you have done yet."

He expanded his form to his full Guardian size, beating Dark Haze in speed and mass. The light aspect of Spirit Fusion reverted the Chaos into darkness, the darkness aspect snuffed the Eldritch’s weakened essence, and the other four elements struck at the now-exposed power cores.

The Spirit Magic enveloped all aspects, protecting them from the corrupting touch of Chaos and amplifying their destructive power by several folds.

Raum screamed in agony as his body fell apart from the inside out. He collected and condensed his form to protect the power cores and repair them before Leegaain destroyed them for good.

"This doesn’t make sense." The Wonderer stumbled a few steps back, trying to buy himself a few seconds to absorb the power of the mana geyser and recover. "I remember how Spirit Fusion works.

"You have to burn your essence to sustain that form. Every attack you perform consumes your mana, and you can’t use your breathing technique. You are no Eldritch. You can’t absorb the world energy like I do.

"Then how can you still be as powerful as when our fight started?"

"Foolish child." Leegaain replied. "What you read were the notes I compiled back when I was a Drake. I’m no Drake, now. I’m a Guardian, and you are not my match."

He waved at the fissure in the ground their fight had created, at the stars shining from above, and at the cold breeze of fall. All painful reminders that there was no Fringe.

"You’re wrong! Mogar is wrong, and I’ll prove it!" Countless pristine maws of Decay appeared across the Wonderer and opened into the abyss of his body.

He released a barrage of jet-streams of Void Flames that struck all around him, without leaving a single centimeter of stone untouched.

’I can still win.’Raum thought.’I just need to regain my strength and conjure my Blade Spells. Father of Wrath is still broken, and the Void Flames consume no mana, only life force. As long as I don’t mess up, I still have one advantage over father.’

The barrage of Void Flames caught Leegaain unprepared. He suffered many blows and was sent crashing against the walls of the canyon before he could react.

’Mogar almighty, I forgot how fast those things are.’He thought as the concussive blasts reverberated through his energy body.

A snap of his finger activated his bloodline ability, Primal Spark. It set the world energy of the mana geyser ablaze and filled the canyon with bright-violet fire.

When Raum emitted the next volley of Void Flames, the two different mystical fires struggled for dominance and exploded right into his face.

"How?" He screamed as he depleted more and more feed cores to douse his own Void Flames and resist the bite of Leegaain’s Origin Flames. "How can you do this?"