Supreme Magus

Chapter 3983: Unknown Variable (Part 2)

"We can’t afford to introduce another unknown variable."

"You are right, Malyshka." Solus sighed. "If the Zero rune interacts with the fire fusion, it would interfere with the Grimoire’s readings and make it impossible to understand the cause of any unknown phenomenon we might encounter. It was a stupid idea."

"No, it’s a great idea." Baba Yaga shook her head. "It might be of great help to us in the future, but before we can try to mix a Cursed Element with any other form of magic, we have to gain a solid understanding of how Mirror Magic works."

***

While their guests spent their time as they liked, the merfolk worked tirelessly on solving the issue with the Sea Heart.

Lith’s Desert Heart prototype had sparked a new hope in the Songsters, and Rem’s words had inspired them to broaden their horizons by walking in the footsteps of their ancestors instead of just parroting them.

As the Songsters honed their air magic skills and learned more about the materials of the surface world, many of the unknown words in the records of their old civilization made sense again.

In just a few days, innovation and tradition worked hand in hand. The Songsters who had turned their back on Rem’s proposal were forced to admit their mistake and rejoined their colleagues.

"It works!" Rem said when she used Lith’s spell to release a merfolk song through the air, and the Sea Heart spread it to the rest of her companions without distorting the song’s melody.

"It’s too soon to tell." Zhur the Songster replied. "That’s just one song. Let’s try another."

One by one, the Songsters hummed a different merfolk song and used Lith’s Mimicast spell to amplify it. The Sea Heart collected and amplified them all, each song playing at a different frequency without interfering with the others.

The resulting melody was comprised of several voices that never overlapped, giving the listener the freedom to focus on any of them while also sharing the feelings of the small community inside the lab.

"Sea gods of the abyss, it really works." More than one Songster sobbed, but none was louder in their joy than Rem.

"We must share it with the rest of our people." She said. "We must also share it with our guests and give them a proper welcome. This isn’t just a village anymore. This is in the first true merfolk surface village since the day our forefathers were forced into exile!"

The entire room burst into uproar, and the Sea Heart captured and amplified the merfolk’s excitement as well.

"Wait a second." Zhur said. "Magus Verhen is right. We can’t call it a Sea Heart anymore. It heralds our new life in the Desert, so I propose to rename it the Desert Heart!"

The proposal was accepted by acclamation from all the merfolk but one.

’That’s exactly how Lith called it.’Rem glared at Zhur.’Lith even shaped it like Overlord Salaark’s favorite flower, yet that old bastard of Zhur is trying to take all the credit for the idea.’

She had many things to say, and none of them were nice. Yet she remained silent not to spoil the mood and ruin the achievement of her people with bickering.

The Songsters carried the Desert Heart to the center of the village, taking care to keep it hidden under a thick cloth.

The other merfolk went door to door to invite everyone to witness the historical moment.

"Ladies and gentlemen, it is my honor and pleasure to announce to you that we have finally succeeded. Under the careful guidance of our representative, Rem Shellshine, the Songster Guild managed to resurrect a treasure of our ancestors."

He threw the clogged Sea Heart off the pedestal, sending it to crash against the ground.

Many merfolk furrowed their brows at Zhur’s disrespect for traditions. Yet Songsters were highly respected, and the merfolk of the Starry Lagoon village loved the old Sea Heart as much as a rabid serial killer, so they mourned it as such.

"Don’t worry about that old, faulty thing. It was a mistake, and I take full responsibility for its destruction." Zhur continued. "I tried to chain us to the past instead of welcoming our radiant future.

"Allow me to introduce you to our new beacon, the Desert Heart!" The Songster unveiled the stone flower, whose appearance aroused awed gasps and applause.

The Desert Heart looked like a Fire Orchid half a meter (1’8") tall and one meter (3’3") across. Different kinds of rocks were used to give the various parts of the Desert Heart a color corresponding to those of a Fire Orchid, making it almost identical to the real flower.

The merfolk had avoided using paint because the constant vibrations of the Desert Heart would wear the paint down over time, requiring regular maintenance and spreading the pungent smell of solvents with every note.

"Thank you for the honor you give me by naming your relic after my country and shaping it after my national flower." Salaark smiled at the crowd of merfolk. "I also praise you for the wisdom of your choice.

"The Fire Orchid isn’t just a pretty flower. Its ability to thrive in the harsh environment of the Blood Desert makes it a symbol of resilience and strength to my people.

"Fire Orchids also glow in the darkness of the night, guiding the lost travelers to the succor of the nearest oasis, just like I hope you will for the rest of your people.

"May this be the first of many Desert Hearts to blossom on the surface." Salaark’s words received a booming applause. "No matter what country you’ll build your future settlements, the merfolk will always have my blessing."

The Overlord turned to Lith for a brief moment, giving him a congratulatory nod for a job well done.

"Thank you, Overlord." Zhur gave Salaark a deep bow while the rest of the merfolk fell to one knee until she gestured for them to stand up. "Crafting the Desert Heart was a group effort, but no one contributed more than our representative, Rem Shellshine.

"For this reason, I’ll leave the duty and honor to lead our first merfolk song to you, Rem." Zhur gestured for her to join him at the center stage, every one of her steps accompanied by a long applause.

"Thank you, Zhur." The plump merfolk looked weary from the long days of research, but she beamed with pride for its results. "I hope my next words will cause you no offense, Overlord Salaark, but I have a confession to make.

"You gave us an oasis, houses, and freedom, yet until this day, the Blood Desert has never been our home. We have always felt like reluctant guests in a foreign and unhospitable land."

Rem lowered her head in contrition, quickly followed by the rest of the merfolk, but Salaark dismissed the issue and straightened them with a wave of her hand.

"For this reason, I’m going to play the homecoming song first." Rem continued. "It will mark the transformation of the Starry Lagoon village into our new home and mark the first day of our new life."

The merfolk applauded again, but the representative gestured for them to stop. Once the village square became silent, Rem started to sing.