Supreme Magus

Chapter 4420: The Quickest Way to the Heart (Part 2)

’It’s so detailed that any Forgemaster worth their salt can use it.’ Orion admired the elegant simplicity of the blueprint.

"If you know better enchantments or a better design for an artifact of this kind, I’m open to suggestions." Ajatar said. "I’ll perform all the preparatory steps on my own and assemble the power core before your arrival.

"We won’t have to share anything, and each one of us will be able to focus solely on their task. You’ll handle the magic circles and conjure the world energy, while I’ll take care of the Forgemastery process."

"I like how you think, yet there is a wrinkle in your plan." Orion replied.

"Which is?" The Sapphire Dragon asked.

"I also want only the best for my son-in-law, and I think you are underestimating the importance of the preparatory phase." Orion said. "Here’s my proposal. You show me your best rune sequences for the job, and I show you mine.

"Then we compare notes and decide which set of runes is better suited to support the power core of the weapons, combining them if necessary."

"I thought you didn’t want to share the Ernas techniques with me." Ajatar tilted his head to the side.

"I don’t, but this requires what, eight rune sequences?" Orion asked.

"Ten." Ajatar replied. "One sequence per element, amplification, absorption, dispersion, and cloaking."

"It’s still nothing." Orion shrugged. "If you say that you won’t copy them, I’ll trust your word. Worst case scenario, we are just exchanging a few Runesmithing sets of which some might be inferior to those we already know and only valuable as study material."

"Dream on, human. There’s nothing you can do that my clan hasn’t perfected millennia ago." Ajatar snorted. "Still, I appreciate the thought and am willing to enrich the Ernas legacy with a drop of knowledge of the Drakes."

"We’ll see whose legacy gets enriched, Dragon." Orion was just as proud of his own family legacy and the Forgemastering techniques he had created as Ajatar. "A fair warning.

"If we use the majority of the Ernas runes, I’ll be the one to perform the Runesmithing process."

"Challenge accepted." Ajatar nodded.

***

The following day, while Solus gave Ajatar a tour of the new floors of the tower and the Sapphire Dragon picked Morok’s best tissue samples to use as an amplifier from the Spark, Lith moved back to Lutia.

It gave the Mana Injector the opportunity to advance the Awakening process of that side of the Trawn Woods and Raaz all the time he needed to plan the farm work that would begin as soon as the soil softened.

It also allowed Gilly and the families of the Sigil Demons to spend quality time with their loved ones.

"You know you can visit me anytime at the Mansion, right?" Locrias asked.

"I know, Dad, but there’s nothing we can do there. Even worse, being surrounded by the lavish furniture and Lith’s noble guests makes me feel like a beggar at a Royal Gala." Gilly replied.

She avoided mentioning that comparing herself to the women of the Verhen family always did horrors for her self-esteem. After every visit to the Mansion, Gilly looked at her reflection in the mirror and wondered why life was so unfair.

Friya, the handmaidens, and Ryla only made things worse, and the recent Awakening of most of the Verhens had further exacerbated Gilly’s feelings of inadequacy.

"I hear you." Locrias said. "I’ve never stood in the presence of Archdukes except that in the line of duty, let alone an Archon. Don’t ask me why, pumpkin, but even though I’ve always had a clear conscience, I was always afraid an Archon would dig some dirt on me.

"If that Archon is someone as shrewd as Jirni Ernas, it’s no wonder you feel uncomfortable at the Mansion."

"Sure, Dad." Gilly smiled, lying through her teeth.

She had fallen for Jirni’s doting mother routine line, hook, and sinker. Gilly believed that all those ridiculous rumors about Archon Ernas were just the poisonous words of those who had broken the law and paid the price.

"Are you sure you want to go to Lutia?" Locrias asked as they walked hand in hand along the paved road connecting the farmlands to the city. "I’m wearing Trouble today, and from the Warp Gate in the barn, we could go anywhere."

"Thanks, Dad, but Lutia is fine." Gilly replied. "Also, I wouldn’t be able to enjoy our father-daughter date if I had to worry about what might happen to you if, for any reason, the golem runs out of energy while so far away from Lith."

The Spirit Crystal embedded into Trouble’s chest allowed the construct to fuel Lith’s Demons and extended their range of movement. Yet without Lith or an array to recharge the golem, it bled energy with every step it took.

Lith had warned his Demons that he had no idea what would happen to a Sigil Demon if the golem they possessed ran out of Spirit Magic.

Maybe they would just be expelled from their vessel and forced to return to their feather, or maybe their connection with the Void Sigil would be lost and with it the Demon’s tether to the world of the living.

Gilly shuddered at the thought of losing her father for good just for a change of scenery.

"I know it’s not an ideal solution, but at least Trouble gives you something more than a hard-light construct to touch." Locrias said, misunderstanding his daughter’s reaction. "Do you want me to make it softer? Is it too cold or warm?"

"The golem is not a problem, Dad. Quite the contrary." Gilly shook her head. "You’ve gotten really good at manipulating its density, and it almost feels like your real body. It’s much better than holding the hand of a corpse. That would be creepy."

"That’s not a nice thing to say, sweetie." Locrias frowned. "Varegrave and Valia are our friends and comrades."

"I’m sorry, Dad. That came out wrong." She replied. "I mean that since you’ve lost your original body, I much prefer that you wear a golem than a meat suit belonging to another person. That would be creepy.

"I’d give anything to feel your stupid mustache tickle my skin again."

While Varegrave and Valia had returned as Demons seconds after their death and had their corpses perfectly restored, Locrias and Trion had followed Lith and Orpal respectively for months before having the opportunity to answer the Tiamat’s call.

Their bodies were long lost by then, forcing the two Demons to possess a fresh corpse or a Golem whenever they wanted to take a semblance of life.

"Thanks, baby girl." Locrias replied with a sad smile. "It means the world to me."

"First, no sadness allowed." Gilly replied. "Second, do not call me baby girl in public. I’m almost sixteen now. It would be embarrassing."

"But you always smile when Elina calls Lith her baby!" He replied.

"That’s not a smile, Dad. That’s me repressing a laugh." Gilly grunted. "Do you have any idea how funny seeing the Supreme Magus of the Kingdom be treated like that is?"

"Enough to not want to be in his shoes, I guess." Locrias sighed.