Supreme Magus

Chapter 4355: New Deal (Part 3)

"You, instead, have an entire clan of seven-headed mages who live millennia backing you." Tezka said.

"I bet there are a few dimensional mages among them, and even if there aren’t, they can still pool up their resources and find a way to simplify anything you might learn into spells they can use thanks to the Hydra bloodline’s elemental affinities."

Faluel could deny nothing of it. A human with seven streaks like Friya was a small miracle, whereas a Hydra with seven affinities was the standard.

"I expect you to protect my secrets as Faluel would with Domination, Friya. Do we have an agreement?"

"You know about Domination?" Faluel became as pale as a ghost.

"I just know it exists and what it does." Tezka shrugged. "I have no clue how it works, though. You have no idea how many dumb runts thought they could make a name for themselves by displaying my Endless Night in a nice case.

"I’ve faced hundreds of Hydras that believed Domination was enough to defeat me. They were wrong. Now, answer my question, kid."

"I... promise." Missing out on the secret of dimensional crystals was a huge loss for the Hydra bloodline, but having one of their members craft them for a limited time beat having none at all.

"Good. Little Brother?" Tezka turned towards Lith.

"I can vouch for Faluel." He nodded. "She kept all of my secrets until I was ready to reveal them to the Awakened Council or the rest of Mogar. Some she keeps to this day."

"Then we have a deal." Tezka scratched his chin. "Feel free to contact me as soon as Nalrond recovers, and we’ll set a date for your lessons that suits both of us. In the meantime, consider this a sign of my appreciation for your honesty, Friya."

He twirled his right hand in the air, conjuring the Infinity Blade spell.

"Cool!" The children said in unison. "Can we touch it?"

The energy weapon was as ethereal as a ghost, looking like a distorted reflection of its surroundings.

"What’s that?" Faluel asked, and Friya brought the Hydra up to speed with their mind link.

"No, little ones. It’s very dangerous." Tezka replied. "Even I would get hurt if I weren’t using a gravity sheath to insulate my hand from the spell. The pommel, hilt, and guard are as sharp as the blade itself.

"As for your question, Faluel, this is the most basic Infinity Magic spell that I used as a teaching tool for the Summoner Clan. It’s the equivalent of the academy’s Loop spell."

"Are you serious?" The Infinity Blade shone like a sun under Faluel’s Life Vision. "This is like two tier five spells compressed into one."

"Three, actually." He tutted, making the Hydra’s jaw hit the floor. "Before you ask, I’m not teaching it to you, Friya. I’m just giving you a practical demonstration like the young sparrow would.

"I want you to understand how great dimensional magic is and how far people like us can go if they have the talent. The rest is up to you."

"This makes no sense." Faluel pondered. "I’ve never heard about hexa-elemental spells aside from Spirit Magic. Also, how can a dimensional rift have no exit point? A singular dimensional fissure is highly unstable. It should have already exploded."

"It does have an exit point." Friya stared at the Infinity Blade like the most beautiful piece of art she had ever seen. "This spell forms a dimensional fissure whose entry and exit points are back-to-back, almost overlapping.

"It’s the reason the Infinity Blade can cut through everything. The phenomenon it produces is no different from hitting the boundaries of a Warp Steps instead of walking through it."

"Correct." A warm smile appeared on Tezka’s snout. "To put it simply, an Infinity Blade is just a small Warp Steps shaped like a sword. To move it around and handle it without cutting yourself, you need to use gravity magic.

"If you do it properly, the Infinity Blade won’t hurt you because gravity folds the space into a protective layer around your hand and alters the Blade’s dimensional coordinates without the need to cast a new spell."

Tezka took a few practice swings to prove his point to Friya before dispelling the Infinity Blade.

"I can do it even in my partial Fallen state because Infinity Magic is just dimensional magic. There is no need for the Spirit element, but you can use it to lower the difficulty level of the spell."

"Because Spirit Magic is comprised only of my mana and answers my will." Friya nodded. "Hence, the more Spirit Magic I need to conjure an Infinity Blade, the worse my technique is."

"Correct again." Tezka now smiled with the relief of a man who had been stranded for too long in a foreign land and had finally met someone who spoke his native language. "Beware, though. Even if you use only Spirit Magic, creating an Infinity Blade is not easy."

Friya tried to cast a Spirit Infinity Blade, but gravity and dimensional energy mixed, and the spell imploded on itself.

"I can see that." She said. "Dimensional and Gravity magic must be like water and oil. They can coat each other, but if they mix, their different natures tear the two spells apart. What about Eternity Magic?"

"It’s the other side of the same coin." Tezka replied. "It’s gravity magic enveloping a target while dimensional magic coats it, allowing you to focus, amplify, and manipulate the effects of your gravity spells with surgical precision.

"Don’t ask me about a practice spell or a demonstration because I’ve grasped Eternity Magic’s basic principles less than an hour ago. Even I need longer than that to master such a complex discipline from scratch."

"Thank you very much, Master Tezka." Friya understood much and learned little, but it was enough to shatter all the walls that had stopped her growth as a dimensional mage until that moment.

Just knowing that the path toward Infinity and Eternity Magic existed and seeing it with her own eyes filled her mind with countless ideas and theories she was eager to put to the test.

"I’ll treasure your knowledge as the priceless gift it is. My children and the children of my children will forever be in your debt."

"Stop it, kid, or you’ll make me blush." Tezka grinned from ear to ear as Friya refused to stand straight until she felt she had conveyed her gratitude properly. "Just one more condition.

"When you pick the time for our lesson, you’d better have a suitable place for our practice ready."

"What do you mean? What’s wrong with the Mansion?" Friya asked in confusion.

"That I can feel my Little Brother’s eyes and arrays staring at me like a kettle of hawks." Tezka laughed heartily. "I don’t mind showing him the Infinity Blade because he saw it already during my fight with Salanoth, and he’s no dimensional mage.

"Dimensional crystals, however, are another story. I don’t trust his Dragon Greed farther than I can throw it."

’Fuck me sideways, he noticed!’Lith and Solus inwardly cursed as they recalled the full power of the Watchtower, the Eyes, and Ears of Menadion that had analysed the Suneater’s every move until a moment ago.