Supreme Magus

Chapter 3935: Fears and Guilt (Part 2)

"The kids described this Indech thing to me, but I prefer seeing it with my own eyes. I’m the one who prepares the blueprints for the statues and the molds for the merchandise."

"I can show you, but you can’t reveal it to anyone." Lith replied. "I need this to be a secret for as long as I can to keep the surprise effect."

He used a few simple spells to darken the windows and assumed his Indech form.

"My lips are sealed." Zekell studied the crimson giant with the eye of the artisan. "Once the cat gets out of the bag, however, please consider making an appearance at the temple."

"Why?" Lith asked while the blacksmith checked the shape and size of his feathers.

"Because it would bring luster and fame to Lutia and keep our community tight." Zekell said. "Even though you are often absent, you are the face of Lutia and the soul of the temple. Everything you do matters."

"Dad is right, Lith." Senton said. "You may not like it, but the temple does a lot for those who have little. People seek shelter there, and Dad never lets anyone go away on an empty stomach. Maybe you could do the energy wings thing for them."

"Yeah, the energy wings!" The triplets echoed, looking at Aran with a smug grin on their faces. "Or maybe the Dragon wings of light! Those were really cool and made Grandma and Grandpa very happy."

"Enough with that!" Leria’s eyes flared with mana, and her hair whipped in the small storm Abominus conjured behind her. "You saw it, and Aran and I missed it. We got the message the first hundred times!"

She used no killing intent, and only Abominus was allowed to use that kind of magic inside the house to avoid accidents, so the grown-ups found the performance silly at best.

To the triplets, however, Leria appeared as a mighty mage empowered by her familiar spirit out of their bedtime stories.

Rena’s youngest were still forbidden from practicing any magic and wouldn’t be introduced to magical beasts until their fourth birthday, making Leria’s grandiose entrance a slap to their childish pride.

"Mom! Old Sis is being mean to us! Tell her to stop!" They said while clinging to Rena’s dress.

"What do you mean, old?" Mother and daughter said in unison.

"Leria is older than us." Teryon snorted.

"She’s mean." Lenart grunted.

"She’s a bully!" Falco clicked his tongue.

"She has already gotten her magical powers and her Emperor Beast. She has received the ashes of Grandpa Valtak, and she’s Awakened. Yet Leria scolds us when we flaunt the only thing we have, and she doesn’t!" They said in unison.

"How many times do I have to tell you?" Rena sighed. "Leria worked hard for her magic powers and Awakening. No one gifted them to her."

She left out the part about not agreeing with her daughter’s decision about Awakening because Rena knew how much it meant to Leria. Rena was proud of her daughter and didn’t want to mar Leria’s achievement with her motherly worries.

"Becoming an Emperor Beast is Abominus’ success. It has nothing to do with Leria. Think about Slash and Crash. They are still magical beasts."

***

Meanwhile, at Protector’s home.

"Why are you guys still magical beasts?" As the oldest, Lilia sat on the highest chair.

"Abominus and Onyx evolved months ago. What’s taking you so long?" Leran sat to her right, straight as an arrow to look taller.

"You guys are lame!" Fenrir sat on a booster chair at Lilia’s left.

"Bark! Bark!" Solkar ran circles around the two magical beasts who stood at the center of the carpet that served as a dock in the family court of justice.

The toddler had no idea what was happening, but he tried his best to be part of it.

"This is ridiculous." Slash the Shyf said. "Awakening is not something you achieve just by working hard. Aside from our Kings, Abominus, and Onyx, no one in our tribes succeeded."

"Exactly!" Crash the Ry nodded. "You guys have no right to demand something so unreasonable from us. Besides, you have Awakened later than Aran and Leria, and you cheated at that, yet we never mocked you for it."

"Silence!" Lilia used her father’s work hammer as a gavel and slammed it against a thick book that her mother used to even a table. "The defendant must answer the questions of this court or lose their dinner privileges!"

"Selia, say something, please." Slash whined, his stomach already gurgling.

"Why is there a stain on my carpet?" The huntress snarled. "How many times do I have to tell you to clean your gods-damn paws before entering the house?"

"But-"

"Objection overruled!" Selia cut Crash short. "And if that carpet is not clean by dinner, I’m putting you two on a diet!"

***

Meanwhile, back at Rena’s house.

"I’m sorry you didn’t get to know Grandpa Valtak much and weren’t invited to his goodbye party." The triplets knew what a funeral was, but the word made them cry, so Rena avoided it. "I’m in your same boat, pumpkins.

"I have no magic, no steed, and no pendant. Do you think less of me for that?"

The triplets and Leria gaped in horror at the question.

"Of course not, Mom." Leria ran to her mother.

"You’re the best, Mom!" The triplets said while clinging to her dress.

"You can have a magical beast if you want, Sis." Lith lifted them all in a gentle embrace, supporting them with his wings.

"Thanks, but that’s beyond the point." Rena smiled. "What I meant is that you rascals should stop pestering your sister."

"Yes, Mom."

"As for your Leria, with power comes responsibility." Rena said. "Clean the floor from the snow Abominus conjured for you before it melts, and do it without using magic."

"Yes, Mom." Leria nodded.

"Will you consider my request, Lith?" Zekell asked.

"I can already say yes, but it must be done properly." Lith reverted to his human form. "First, I’ll reveal in combat when I’m forced to. Then I’ll have to inform the Royals not to get in trouble with the Crown. At that point, I can come to the temple."

"Sounds like a plan." Senton said.

***

After leaving Rena’s house, Elina went for groceries and stored everything inside her dimensional amulet. With her hands free and still plenty of time before lunch, she brought her sons to a newly opened pastry shop for hot chocolate and sweets.

"My sweet tooth is tingling, Mom." Solus said. "Lith is eating something good without me."

"What are you talking about?" Menadion raised her eyebrow in confusion. "Putting sweets aside for a moment, thank you for inviting me to this mother-daughter date, sweetie. I love spending time with you outside of the lab."

"Me too." Solus smiled. "With Zoreth healthy and Lith kidnapped by Elina, we can tour Lutia to our heart’s content."

"Kidnapped is a strong word." Menadion let her daughter drag her toward Vexal’s bakery. "Elina just asked her son to spend time with her. Just like we are doing."

"Mom, Elina was crying." Solus tutted. "She could have asked Lith to buy her a castle, and he would have replied: ’How big do you want it?’ That’s Forbidden Magic, if you ask me."