Supreme Magus

Chapter 4099: That Kind of Relationship (Part 2)

"That was amazing, Mom." Faluel said. "Did you predict everything Seryl said, or did she take you by surprise?"

"I didn’t predict her every move, only the important parts." Fyrwal shrugged. "It wasn’t that hard. I just prepared for the arguments I would have used in Seryl’s shoes. More importantly, man, if Ajatar was hot. I love a man who knows how to make an exit."

"You’re talking about his Origin Flames again, right, Mom?" Faluel asked, obtaining only a smirk in reply. "This isn’t funny, Mom. Tell me you were talking about his Origin Flames. Mom!"

***

City of Lutia, Verhen Home, a few minutes later.

"And that’s how it went down." Ajatar used a mind link to share the events of the Council meeting down to the smallest detail.

"I’m glad you solved everything without my help." Lith nodded. "Fyrwal will make a good leader, and thanks to you, I should get most of the Beast Council off my back. They were starting to grind on my nerves."

"Your kindness never ceases to amaze me." Ajatar laughed. "Attending the debate and saying a few words wouldn’t have killed you. Taking a few less calls won’t affect your routine eith-"

His communicator pulled at his consciousness, again and again, until Ajatar couldn’t hear himself thinking.

"What in the gods’ name is this?" The amulet blinked like a Christmas tree, with countless runes signaling an incoming call or a recorded message. "Who are these people? I haven’t heard from them in decades. I don’t even remember their faces!"

"Welcome to the club." Lith snorted. "A few calls my pale behind, more like a few hundred. And don’t you dare listen to any of those messages around the children. Awakened ladies often attach provocative pictures."

"Really?" Ajatar’s face lit up, at least until he noticed the frown of the ladies of the house. "I mean, thank you for the heads up. I’m going to be honest, I didn’t receive so much attention even as a young, dashing Drake."

"Maybe it’s because you never were one." Morok shrugged. "Dashing, I mean. Everyone is bound to be young during their early years."

"You ungrateful runt." Ajatar grunted. "You’re lucky I’m in too good a mood to teach you a lesson. I’ll let it slide this time."

"Why are you in a good mood?" Morok asked in confusion. "You just said it yourself. Those people want what you have, not who you are. In your shoes, I’d be sad. Save your happiness for someone who likes you for you.

"You deserve much better than an opportunistic gold digger, Master Ajatar."

The Sapphire Dragon stared at Morok with a disgruntled expression, feeling his joy burst like a soap bubble. Yet his smile returned when he realized that was Morok’s way to look out for him.

"Thanks, child." Ajatar replied. "Once again, you are right. Since you are an expert, Lith, do you have any advice for me?"

"Yes. Accept no dates, always store your drinks in your dimensional amulet, and try not to go out too much until people calm down a bit." Lith said. "What are you going to do now, Ajatar?"

"The only logical thing." The Sapphire Dragon steepled his fingers. "I’m going to practice my abilities until I become a real Dragon. Right now, I just look like one. I’m still a Drake in a Dragon’s body."

"I don’t think it’s going to be that easy." Morok said. "Look at Ufyl. He’s been a Dragon for way longer than you, and he still sucks."

"That’s because he’s a Hydra in a Dragon’s body." Ajatar replied. "Thrud knew nothing about our abilities, and Jormun never gave Ufyl lessons. He only focused on Thrud and Valeron because he didn’t want to take part in her war.

"I’m not going to cross my fingers and hope for the best. I have already contacted the Fire Dragons and requested asylum. They have agreed to take me in as a fellow Brood member and teach me the basic abilities of our kind.

"With their help, I should master Dragon Eyes and Origin Flames before Narchat returns, or at least learn enough not to hurt myself when I use them."

"Lucky lizard." Lith grunted. "No one ever volunteered to teach me anything until I met Valtak."

"That’s because you are not a Dragon nor a member of the Brood." Ajatar said. "You chose silence and isolation to protect your secrets, whereas I can afford to be indebted to the Fire Dragon clan."

"That’s true." Lith sighed.

"Why don’t you take Ufyl with you?" Solus pondered. "There’s not much of a difference between teaching one or two Dragons. Ufyl can use the experience and become a much better fighter."

"That’s not up to me." Ajatar shook his head. "First, Ufyl must accept. Then, Fyrwal and the Hydra clan must grant him permission to leave. Lastly, the Fire Dragon clan must agree. Ufyl has a bad name in the Brood.

"He’s a Dragon born out of Forbidden Magic and a traitor to the Hydra bloodline."

"The Hydras forgave him. They spared his life." Solus pointed out. "Why can’t the Dragons do the same?"

"The Hydras never forgave him, or he’d be free to leave whenever he wants." Ajatar replied. "Ufyl is their prisoner and the secret of his body is their weregild for his crimes. The Fire Dragons have no reason to take in someone who might betray them as well."

"Sucks to be him." Morok dismissed Ufyl’s predicament like cloudy weather. "When are you leaving, Master Ajatar, and how long will it be?"

"Just the time for a few final checkups." The Sapphire Dragon said. "I need to be sure that there is nothing wrong with my life force. I’ll depart as soon as Solus gives me a clean bill of health.

"As for my absence, child, I have no answer to that. I’d like to say I’m a genius Dragon and that I’ll complete my training in a week, but it’s more likely to take months. Why?"

"We need to talk, Master Ajatar. In private." Morok said with an uncharacteristic serious expression.

"If we break up like this, I’ll be really shocked." Ajatar laughed. "Mostly because I didn’t know we were in that kind of relationship."

Yet Morok didn’t even smile at the joke.

"Fine, let’s talk." Ajatar raised his hands in apology. "You lead, and I’ll follow."

Morok brought the Sapphire Dragon to Trion’s room and closed the door behind them.

"Faluel told me about your will." Morok said. "That you left your riches to me in case something happens to you, and that you would have made me your heir if I were a Drake."

"That big, multi-mouthed Hydra! That was supposed to be a confidence!" Ajatar snarled.

"That’s not the point." Morok gestured to the Sapphire Dragon for silence. "The point is that your words mean the world to me. I’m glad that nothing bad happened, and not because this way you have more time to make your hoard grow.

"I want to ask you to be the godfather of my children and take care of them in my place if I die."

Ajatar stood there in a daze, waiting for Morok to burst out laughing and tell him it was all a joke.