Supreme Magus

Chapter 4153: Future Plans (Part 2)

Yet not even Lucky believed her words. Those were just things Quylla said. She treasured every gift her parents gave her and every party they threw for her.

"Speaking of birthdays, what did you do for Val’s?" Jirni asked.

"We spent all day with him, read him stories, prepared his favorite food, and accompanied him in a flying adventure to explore the park." Lith replied. "Of course, Ely came with us, and they played together until they fell asleep."

"That’s a baby’s idea of a birthday." Jirni nodded. "Believe me when I tell you that Elysia will hate her gala’s guts. Sharing the attention with Raldarak will make the event more bearable for her.

"Now, let’s circle back to Void Magic. How is tier five coming along?"

"I’m almost done." Lith replied. "I just need the time to iron out the last wrinkles and find a way to simplify the theory about altering the willpower along with the runes enough for everyone to understand it."

"Excellent news." She said. "Once you are done, please teach it to Orion and my daughters. With my dull green core, I can’t even practice normal tier four dimensional magic."

"I will." Lith turned to his mother. "Are you sure you don’t want to come? Just say a word, and I’ll book you, Dad, and Surin a room."

"No, thank you." Elina replied with a warm smile. "This is Kami’s vacation, and I want her to enjoy it without you having to worry about anyone else. We’ll stay here. It will make things much easier for our security detail."

"Then maybe I should stay home with you." Solus scratched her head in embarrassment. "I’m starting to feel like a fifth wheel."

"Don’t be silly, sweetie." Elina replied. "You are going because Ripha can’t get away from Lith. You always complain that you two do nothing but work. This is the perfect opportunity to have some quality bonding time with Ripha away from the Forge."

"Indeed." Menadion was happy at the idea of spending time alone with Solus, and sad that this time there was no need for the Chains of Menadion. "We’ll tour whatsisname city and do... stuff."

With no tower or lab available, there was nowhere she could run to.

"Mo-enadion, our destination is the city of Amrok, and if anyone heard you talk with so much enthusiasm, they’d think you’ve been sentenced to hard labor." Solus snorted. "By the way, Kami, if you want me to stay here, you only need to ask."

"That’s kind of you, Solus, but it’s no problem at all." Kamila replied. "Quite the contrary, I’m the one who is sorry for troubling you with taking care of the babies once they get bored with museums and art galleries."

"What about me?" Lith groaned at the idea.

"You’re also my baby, but you’ll come with me to the bitter end." She chuckled. "As for you, Solus, I’m glad we have some company and someone we can trust with the kids without having to Warp back and forth from the Mansion.

"You know how Lith is. If I let him anywhere near his lab, there’s no telling how long he might disappear."

"Tell me about it." Solus snorted, staring at her mother.

Usually, Kamila would have taken a few short delays rather than share her vacation time with others. Alas, after entering her third trimester, anything more intimate than a sweet kiss or a hug had become forbidden.

The Guardians had guaranteed there was no risk she might go into labor, the problem was much, much worse.

After Lith’s and Kamila’s last date, once they had locked their door and moved on to foreplay, a worried Raldarak had covered Kamila in Dragon Scales and asked what was wrong.

He had mistaken the spike in Kamila’s heart rate for a response to a dangerous situation.

The honest worry in that simple question had destroyed the mood and forced Lith and Kamila to change their plans. They had reassured Raldarak that there was nothing to worry about and that it wouldn’t happen again.

Lith and Kamila knew from experience how good Elysia’s memory was, and if Raldarak’s was the same, they had no intention to do anything that might raise dangerous questions in the future.

Raldarak might have shared his worries with Elysia and Valeron or asked his Guardian grandparents for protection. Either way, it would have been a nightmare from which there was no return.

Hence, from that day, they had vowed to delay all but the most demure gestures of affection until the day Raldarak was born.

"I’ve already confirmed our reservation and stored everything we might need in my dimensional items." Lith sighed, counting the days on the calendar.

"I’m ready as well." Kamila nodded. "I’ve stored my things in my dimensional amulets so that I won’t have to bother you every time I need something, grumpy."

’Amulets? As in, more than one?’The male side of the family thought in shock and bewilderment.

Only Orion was used to that kind of things and had long since stopped trying to understand such madness.

"Luckily, Ripha and I have a similar size. We’ll share our clothes, so one amulet will suffice." Solus shrugged.

"If everything is ready, are you going to leave soon?" Elina asked.

"Tomorrow." Lith replied.

***

Griffon Kingdom, city of Valeron, Royal Palace, at the same time.

After receiving Lith’s report on Jorl’s potential betrayal and the sighting of the mysterious tower, the Royals had delved deep into the historical archives, searching for any clue about the nature of their enemies.

The unknown mage tower was the major threat, but they couldn’t underestimate two cursed objects as powerful as Uragar and Salanoth. The Royals had only a description of the shape and abilities of the cursed objects, which complicated things quite a bit.

Those who survived the encounter with a cursed object were either so distant from the fight that they didn’t have a clear view of the fight, or so weak that the living legacy didn’t bother killing them.

Not only were such reports vague, but they also exaggerated the abilities of the cursed objects, describing them as divine beings. To make matters worse, the Royal Archives were vast, and there were countless such sightings.

To keep Lith’s report a secret, Meron and Sylpha worked alone, even at the cost of neglecting some of their daily duties. Once they were done, however, they needed to entrust the next step of their research to someone they trusted.

The Royals didn’t have the time to sift through so much reading material, let alone come up with a working solution against all three cursed objects that the army and the Mage Association could implement on their own.

For that reason, they required the assistance of one of their most loyal subjects and the only Highmaster of his generation, Archduke Zogar Vastor.

The old professor was unaware of the events of Mirana and quite baffled by the sudden summons.

’The last time this happened, I was much younger.’He thought.’The Royals didn’t make me enter through a secret passage, nor did they call me via back channels, so this isn’t a Highmaster mission.

’This is something official that they need to put on record to entrust me with a significant amount of authority in the future.’