Supreme Magus

Chapter 4240: The Best Ally (Part 1)

"Unlike those morons who want to kidnap Elina Verhen and exchange her for Menadion’s artifacts, we won’t keep a communication line open that would allow Verhen to find us.

"Once you get your prize, destroy your communication amulets and reach the meeting point you’ve convened with the other members of your group. After that, no matter if you succeed or fail, leave Garlen and never look back.

"If there’s something good that came out of the Piss King’s return is that his prolonged existence proves that Verhen’s tracking abilities have limits. If Narchat can disappear, then so can we.

"Once you get away, trust no one and don’t try to contact any member of our alliance. If you don’t know where the others are, you can’t betray them in the case you’re the unlucky bastard Verhen manages to find."

Everyone nodded for Xarto to continue.

"Here’s our target list." He accessed the Web of Knowledge to conjure the holograms of the Verhens. "Elina and Raaz are worth the hassle of capturing them only as a couple.

"They can produce a gifted offspring together, but there’s no guarantee they can do the same with another partner. They are C grade at best. Aran, Rena, and Surin Verhen are the real prize.

"They carry the exact same potential as their Awakened siblings and are classified as A grade. Leria, Falco, Teryon, and Lenart Verhen-Proudhammer are half-bloods.

"Their potential might be as good as Elysia’s if their human father enhanced their abilities, but it could be lower if he just diluted their Tiamat blood. They are not a safe bet like the pureblood Verhens, so B grade. Any questions?"

"Just one." Barago said. "Since we are putting our lives on the line together as an alliance, wouldn’t it be better if you Twilighters taught us the secret of the violet? We already have the bright blue core and perfect body refinement.

"We can take the next step anytime, and even though the increase in our magical strength wouldn’t be that much, body casting would make a huge difference."

"Hear, hear!" Lirta and the rest of the young Awakened yelled in approval.

"Not a chance." Rayko and the rest of the Twilighters emitted such a powerful killing intent that the blue-cored Awakened fell on their knees. "We are no friends, and there is no bond of trust between us, only alignment of interests.

"If we shared with you runts the power of the violet, nothing would stop you from running away and exposing our conspiracy to the Awakened Council. With your newfound violet core and our heads on a silver platter as your letter of introduction, you’d easily get an apprenticeship in a powerful Awakened bloodline.

"We are old, not stupid. We still remember how it feels to be young, ambitious, and conniving. The only reason we tolerate your disrespectful attitude is that we need you as much as you need us. Now let’s make that sun shine!"

***

The wind that had rattled the windows for the past weeks abated before Lith left the Verhen Home, and a few minutes after he left, the thick, dark clouds in the sky parted enough to let the sun peep out.

"Is it me, or is that real sunlight?" Aran asked.

"Don’t get too excited." Leria sighed. "We’ve seen this happening before. For a few minutes, the weather seems to get better, we go out to play, and then a pouring rainstorm forces us to run back home for our lives."

"I miss Auntie Nyka so much." Aran said. "At least we could make a lot of sun jokes when she was with us."

"I miss her too, sweetie." Elina said with a warm smile. "You still have us, though."

"No offense, Mom, but you guys are boring." Aran said, and Leria nodded. "Auntie Nyka is free-spirited and says lots of funny things. The only thing you do, instead, is nag at us."

"So true." The triplets sighed.

"Hey, that’s not nice to say." Rena furrowed her brows.

"Maybe, but it’s the truth, Mom." Leria replied. "All you say is: Leria, clean your room. Do your homework. Don’t practice magic so much. Don’t practice Accumulation so much. Don’t teach your siblings how to Awaken."

At those words, the triplets exploded in booing.

"Yeah, no offense, but this is not a home. It’s a jail." Aran nodded. "At least at the Mansion there is Garrik, Aunt Ryla, and enough space to run a bit- Great Mother almighty!"

The wind lessened to a chilly breeze, and the clouds drifted apart so much that the entire house was bathed in light. The adults were so flabbergasted that they ignored the kids’ impolite remarks and rushed to open the windows.

The air was still cold, but with the sky clearing and no wind, it would soon get warmer.

"Remember to thank Auntie Tyris the next time you see her." Raaz said with a chuckle. "It seems she has fulfilled your wish."

"I wouldn’t be so sure." Elina replied. "Let’s wait a few minutes. If the weather keeps improving, then we can go outside."

A barrage of boos welcomed her proposal, but House Verhen wasn’t a democracy. Only ten minutes later, when the sun shone above the cultivated fields, and Lutia became visible on the horizon, were the kids allowed to step out of the door.

"I can’t believe we can finally see Dad without Lith’s help." Senton shapeshifted his house clothes into padded pants, boots, and a jacket. "Let’s go to the barn. One step and we’ll get out of the Association’s Gate in Lutia."

More booing ensued.

"See? Boring!" Aran scoffed. "After being holed up in here for so long, Onyx and I need to stretch our legs. This is the perfect moment for a joy ride."

He had no idea that the bad weather and Lith accompanying Rena whenever they visited Zekell had stopped the Awakened from attacking his family.

"Please, Mommy, Daddy, please!" The triplets deployed their best puppy eyes and begged to join Aran and Leria.

"I’m sorry, kids. You can’t run that fast on your own, and it’s dangerous." Rena replied, making them burst into fake tears.

"Don’t worry, pumpkin." Raaz said. "They’ll sit on Abominus’ and Onyx’s back. They are safe there. Also, even if the kids get thrown off the saddle, they can use the floating enchantment of their armor, and I’ll follow them with the DoLorean. Don’t you trust your old man?"

"Thanks, Grandpa!" The triplets jumped with joy before remembering their situation and acting heartbroken again. "Please, Mommy."

"Fine!" Rena raised her arms in surrender. "I’ll see you at home, then. Be careful. All of you."

"Yes, Mommy!" Everyone said, even Raaz.

"This is not funny, Dad!" Rena blushed hard. "You could- Gods, I was about to give the Lith speech. We spend too much time with him. Let’s go, dear."

"Are you coming with us, Selia?" Senton asked after opening the permanent dimensional corridor Tyris had established between the houses.

"To Lutia, yes. With the Warp Gate? No way! We’ve been locked up for so long that I’ve got mold growing on my hair." The huntress replied. "I need a walk. A long walk in the woods. I’m sick of walls. I need to go outdoors."