Supreme Magus

Chapter 4324: Odd Device (Part 2)

"Your family is ancient, and we could use a framework for the armor if the Adamant is insufficient."

"I’m sorry, but despite what the legends say, my ancestors didn’t spend their days slaying monsters and rescuing princesses." Orion replied. "Fighting a Divine Beast is rare, and surviving the encounter is even rarer.

"To kill one without the support of a city’s arrays takes luck and a small army. Even if the Ernas have killed one or more Divine Beasts over the centuries, the Royals must have taken the spoils.

"All I have stored in my family’s armory is a few human-sized armor made of Dragon Scales, but they are outdated."

"And way too small for Solus anyway." Menadion sighed. "Where the hell is an evil titan bent on conquering the world when you need one?"

"If they have heard about Lith, they are probably hiding." Jirni replied. "After Syrook, Xedros, and the War of the Griffons, anyone with half a brain knows how their rampage would end."

She didn’t mention Thrud, Jormun, and their generals in respect for Valeron the Second. Jirni hated the Mad Queen’s guts and always would, but she harbored no ill will towards the kind boy who was trying to teach Dripha how to speak.

"You don’t have to worry about our parents." Friya said. "I’ll stay here, and from this distance, Master Faluel and Gungnir can arrive in a heartbeat. Also, with the babies here, I doubt anyone will be crazy enough to try something funny."

"Yah! Me song!" Elysia nodded. "Ma-o!"

She traced a wavy, jagged line and released a bolt of Corruption out of the nearest window.

"Aside from Elysia, of course." Friya cleared her throat.

"The good news is that I’ve learned the rune for the Cursed Earth element, Malkor." Lith said after asking a few things to Elysia via the Dragon Scales. "The bad news is that now I have one more thing to do when I get back."

***

Lith and the others left the Mansion before sunrise, as soon as the full night’s sleep reset the effects of Invigoration.

A Tower Warp brought them to the mana geyser in Jiera, and from there, they studied the shortest and safest route to the underground complex with the Beacon.

"Nalrond can pull us out in case of emergency, but I’d rather not risk triggering an alarm." Lith said. "Also, any trap or writing we encounter on our way to the armory could help us uncover the identity of our enemy."

"I’ve brought many books on the topic of ancient civilizations with me." Quylla nodded. "As long as the Kingdom has already encountered one such ruin, I can tell you who we are dealing with."

The Warp Mirror covered one third of the distance from the nearest entrance, and from that point, they took turns opening Warp Steps until they reached their destination.

The Eyes of Menadion allowed even non-Demons to lock on dimensional coordinates dozens of kilometers away and open the longest dimensional corridors that a bright violet core could fuel.

It was after the third Steps that Lith noticed that Nalrond held a small device in his hand. It was a small silver sphere covered in red dimensional runes that Lith would have mistaken for a Home Stone, if not for the several small violet crystals studded on its surface.

"I thought Friya had made no progress with crafting dimensional crystals." He said.

"She hasn’t." Nalrond pressed one of the gemstones until it clicked. "In case you are wondering, this is what you’d call insurance."

"Insurance against what and, more importantly, where did you get it?" Lith asked after the Eyes failed to so much as glimpse past the cloaking runes of the artifact, and the Agni promptly stored it back into his dimensional amulet.

"I don’t pry into your family secrets, Lith." Nalrond said. "All I’m asking you is to return me the favor."

’Can that be Orion’s doing?’Solus asked via their mind link once the Agni turned his back on Lith.’There’s little Royal Forgemasters can’t do, but if he knows the secret of violet crystals, why didn’t he share it with Friya?’

’Conflict of interests.’Lith replied.’Just as Friya won’t add the secrets of the Hydra bloodline to the Ernas’ bloodline legacy, Orion can’t teach Friya anything that Faluel might through their Harbinger-Master bond.

’Moreover, Orion is no dimensional mage. If he’s the one who gave that thing to Nalrond, he must have commissioned it from a fellow Royal Forgemaster. Orion is likely not to know how to craft violet crystals either.

’Even if he did, we know how loyal to the Kingdom he is. Unless the lives of his family members are at stake and he has no other choice, he won’t betray his oath, no matter the consequences.’

"Finally, it’s my time to shine." Tista said. "Or rather, the Mouth of Menadion’s time to shine. I’ve stored our best array-sensing and life-sensing arrays in it. I’ll scan the area around us while we walk, saving us a lot of time and mana."

"Excellent idea, Tista." Solus replied. "I’ll use the Eyes and Ears only if you spot something unusual."

"Speaking of excellent ideas, what about reforging the Mouth, Ripha?" Tista said. "Its magic is outdated, and maybe you could add a few offensive abilities."

"Since when is casting arrays and spells not an offensive ability?" The First Ruler of the Flames snorted. "The Mouth is perfect as it is, but I’ll update the runes for you. I won’t let my masterpiece be overshadowed by the Maw of Bytra.

"Not only did that runt copy and improve on my work, but she even dared to make multiple copies of it! Shameless. Just shameless."

"I hoped you’d do it because we’re family now, not to satisfy your ego and competitive spirit." Tista replied. "Still, I won’t look the gifted horse in the mouth, so thank you."

"You are welcome." Menadion replied.

The underground network of tunnels formed a maze, and an artificial one at that. Many corridors had a perfect circular shape, and even though no one had treaded them for millennia, they were too smooth to be natural.

"Someone tried really hard to hide the correct path." Solus’ eidetic memory allowed her to follow the most direct route without ever losing her way. "If one follows the natural caves, they’ll never reach the complex.

"If they follow the artificial tunnels, instead, the only thing they’ll find is a dead end. You must alternate between natural and artificial passages at the right turn to find your way. Make one mistake, and you’ll run in circles forever."

"Then why have we yet to find anything?" Quylla asked.

"I’m checking for arrays and traps every thirty steps." Tista replied. "I’m not saying anything because I have nothing to report."

"Let me try something." Nalrond made the weird Home Stone click and then tapped on the rock wall nearby with one of his claws.

He tapped again whenever he saw the mana crystals on Tista’s Mouth lit up, and a few minutes later, he signaled the group to stop.

"There’s something here and there." He pointed at the ground in front of them and at the right wall, encompassing a large area with his finger.