Supreme Magus

Chapter 4192: Lifelong Dream (Part 1)

Garrik too developed six wings, but no seventh eye appeared on his forehead. What he experienced, however, was the perfect form of his life force.

His Tyrant and Fomor sides merged into one, undoing in one second all the damage that the fall of the Balor race had brought upon him and that not even Glemos’ experiments had been able to fix.

"Big Brother, please, memorize-" Grabbed Garrik, cutting him short and carrying him to the crib where Orikan and Jirya were.

"Quylla, do your thing!" He was so worried that his children and little brother might miss the chance to merge their life forces in the future that he didn’t spare a thought for his own condition.

"Calm down, and focus on yourself!" Quylla wanted nothing more than to lose herself in the power of the elements that she could feel swirling all around her like a warm bath, but her little ones came first. "Garrik, hold the babies tight.

"I need to study the three of you, and I can’t afford to waste the Dirge chasing Orikan and Jirya around the Mansion."

For the first time since she had given birth, Quylla felt almost as powerful as during her pregnancy. Moreover, her understanding of the elements had never reached such depth.

She focused her now silver and orange eyes on the kids, using her breathing technique to study their life forces down to the smallest details and engrave them in her mind.

"I’m sorry, Garrik." Morok said while trying to keep the babies still. "They take their free-spirited attitude from me."

"It’s fine." The young Fomor chuckled as Orikan and Jirya kicked and bit him to break free from his gentle yet firm hold. "Thanks, Auntie."

"Less talking, more practicing." She grunted. "Use your breathing method to stabilize your life force. Garrik. Imprint its current form into your very being before it fades away. You do the same, dear."

"Right." The two brothers sat cross-legged on the floor, entering a deep meditative state in an attempt to reshape their life forces and make the temporary changes caused by the Demon Dirge permanent.

Orion and Jirni too were affected, but in a different way. The communion with Mogar’s world energy granted them enlightenment, allowing Orion to deepen his understanding of his Awakened state and Spirit Magic.

Jirni, instead, was now capable of understanding the finest aspects of elemental control and catching a glimpse of the higher tiers of magic she had yet to study.

Meanwhile, inside the room, Elina stared in disbelief at her skin splitting into half-formed red scales and at the red membranous wings on her back partially covered in pristine white feathers.

"What’s happening?" She asked. "I’m not like Tista. I don’t carry enough of Lith power to resonate with the Demon Dirge."

Elina pointed at her daughter, who had been forced into her Hekate form. This time, however, her scales had turned pitch black. Tista now had three sets of wings on her back, two physical and one of pure energy, all of them membranous.

"Correction." Leegaain appeared in the room now that Kamila was fully clothed again. "You carried only one-third of his power before. Now you have two. Don’t forget that Lith is also human."

He waved at Kamila to underline the concept.

Her left eye burned with the water element, while the right one burned with air. She had tapped into Raldarak’s Indech form so many times that her body still remembered how it was supposed to be.

Snow-white feathered wings wrapped her, shielding her from the gusts of wind caused by Lith’s roars.

"Father is right!" Two lines appeared on Zoreth’s cheeks, and small stumps protruded from her back, forming proto-eyes and wings. "Do you mind helping me, Lady Yaga?"

She also reacted to Lith’s Abominations side that kept her own stable, allowing the other aspects of Zoreth’s life force to develop and blend with each other freely.

"I do." She replied with a cold tone. "Very much so."

Zoreth inwardly cursed at her Troll side and the spite it aroused in the Mother of All Undead. All Zoreth could do was use her best diagnostic spell on herself and the Skull of Bytra to study her current mana flow.

’Thank the gods I never leave the house without my full equipment!’ She thought.

Bytra stood next to the Shadow Dragon, snapping pictures of her current life force with a device she had recently invented.

The Demon Dirge soon reached Lutia and affected its inhabitants. Those who had an elemental affinity found themselves with their eyes blazing with the corresponding mana, discovering a heightened talent for magic.

Those who had none had their eyes burn with fire and darkness, the elements of destruction. Most of the temple’s visitors mistook the phenomenon for the blessing of the All-Father and fell to their knees in prayer.

The farther the Demon Dirge moved from the mansion, the more its effects waned. Yet it still retained enough of its potency to stabilize the Eldritch-hybrids when it reached Essagor.

"What’s going on?" Tezka’s Warg side thrived, spawning new stable tissues that closely resembled his old Fylgja body and absorbed the Chaos of his Eldritch side like a sponge, without any side effects.

"I don’t know, but this is big!" Kigan the Phoenix-Balor hybrid stumbled as he walked towards the Master’s office.

He moved slowly, leaning against the walls and measuring the distance to the furniture by extending one of his arms like a blind man. Yet he wasn’t blind, quite the contrary.

The four extra eyes that had appeared on his face messed up his perception of depth and created a kaleidoscopic visual effect that gave him nausea.

His human, Divine Beast, and Abomination sides reacted to the Demon Dirge even more strongly than Xenagrosh’s due to the lack of a dissonant life force.

"Whatever it is, it must have started in Lutia, because that’s where Lith is." Vastor said. "Tezka, I need you to bring us all as close as you can to the Verhen Mansion, but keep us far away enough to escape the Guardians’ detection."

The Master’s human and Eldritch sides stirred in an attempt to become one once and for all. After a while, however, they exceeded the limits of their current compatibility, and the clash between the conflicting energies pulled the two halves apart.

Then, the cycle started anew, blessing Vastor with hope just to doom him to be disappointed again.

"I’ll do my best, but make sure you all wear your best cloaking devices." Tezka replied. "I’m the Dimensional Magus, not a miracle worker."

"What about us?" Asked one of the Eldritches that lived in the house disguised as a butler.

"Everyone else will remain here." Vastor snarled. "Protect Zinya and the children at all costs, or when I come back, evolution will be the least of your problems."

"And once he’s done with you, you’ll find me waiting for my turn." Tezka snarled, hammering the final nail in the coffin of the Eldritches’ defiance.

When the Demon Dirge swept through the Blood Desert and the Gorgon Empire, Phoenixes and Dragons who were employing their Origin Flames witnessed them turn white.

They needed to release but a spark of their life force to produce Primordial Flames.