Supreme Magus

Chapter 4104: Setting the Trap (Part 1)

"You report only to me, and I’ll take care of the rest. A general discussing with his soldiers is normal. Soldiers whispering to each other is sedition."

Uragar nodded and left the Storm Griffon alone.

’I hope that Uragar and Salanoth are right and the Black Throne isn’t a cursed item.’Jorl thought.’Because that would mean that if I kill whatever gives it sentience, I would possess the first, and maybe most powerful mage tower on Mogar.’

***

Verhen Mansion, a few days later.

"Erghak is here." Ajatar said. "It’s time for me to leave."

"The Patriarch came to pick you up in person?" Lith raised an eyebrow.

"Yeah, honor guard and all." The Sapphire Dragon laughed. "I guess I’m that important."

"Sounds like a trap." Morok said. "If you need to be rescued, call Lith, Master Ajatar."

"Your concern moves me." The Sapphire Dragon grunted as the Tyrant handed him Orikan and Jirya for the goodbye. "Remember to behave, children. I’ll be back as soon as I can."

The twins giggled and smiled, trying for the umpteenth time to fetch a shine scale.

"Thank you for everything, Ajatar." Friya gave him a deep bow. "Without you, things could have gone really bad for me. If Faluel tried to become a Divine Beast first, my children and I wouldn’t be here today."

The thought still haunted her to that day.

"Don’t mention it, child." He dismissed the issue with a sweep of his hand. "My Dragon Greed was stronger than hers, and for once that was a good thing."

After saying his farewells, Ajatar left the Verhen Mansion and flew at Dragonspeed towards the Gorgon Empire with his escorts.

"Where are we going, exactly?" He asked.

"The Valley of Life." Erghak replied. "It’s where the entire Fire Dragon clan lives."

"The entire clan?" Ajatar was flabbergasted.

Emperor Beasts liked their privacy and space. So many Divine Beasts living in the same place was akin to a human metropolis. It was hard to believe that so many Dragons could live together without arguing for resources all the time.

"And the entire Valley." Erghak nodded. "You’ll understand when we get there."

The flight lasted two hours, but only because Ajatar took his first flight lesson on the way. Between Erghak’s guidance and the Dragon Eyes, the Sapphire Dragons quickly learned how to fill his wings with wind and achieve both Dragonspeed and maneuverability.

"Excellent. Worthy of a Dragon." Erghak said with a tone that Ajatar didn’t like one bit.

’The bastard timed how long it took me to master every technique he taught me and is now pushing to his top speed.’The Sapphire Dragon thought.’He didn’t trust me to possess real Dragon Eyes and a Divine Beast’s body.’

"Here we are." The Patriarch pointed below them, at the hills of obsidian rock and the plains greyed by volcanic ashes.

The Valley of Life was filled with active volcanoes instead of mountains, and rivers flowing with lava instead of water.

"Please, pay attention. I can’t lift the cloaking for more than a few seconds without taking unnecessary risks."

"What are you talking ab- Father of All Dragons!" A snap of Erghak’s fingers lowered the cloaking arrays, revealing the countless streams of world energy that flowed across the Valley of Life.

Ajatar had never seen so many mana geysers so close to each other, and every single one shone under Life Vision with the radiance typical of a rich deposit of magical resources.

’This explains everything! Every volcano holds a metal or crystal mine, if not both!’Ajatar rubbed his hands and licked his fangs in greed, his eyes shining as only those of a Dragon staring at a treasure could.

"I’m glad you like it." Erghak snapped his fingers again, and everything went back to normal. "For security reasons, I can’t let you know where the entrance to our complex is. I’m going to Warp us inside. Do I have your permission, Brother?"

"Gods, yes! I mean, sure." Ajatar reeled in his Dragon Greed and forced his mind to focus on making sense of those events.

’First Erghak rudely puts me to the test like a Hatchling, and now shares such a big secret with me? What’s the catch?’He thought, pushing his brain to the eleventh gear.

The answer hit the Sapphire Dragon like a blow to the head the moment the Warp let him inside the Fire Dragon clan’s underground palace.

The place was filled with powerful artifacts, priceless works of art, and several female Dragons in human, natural, and hybrid form.

They stood at attention to emphasize their respective features, and the vast selection ensured the Fire Dragon clan that at least one of them would match his preference and succeed in charming Ajatar.

"Brothers and sisters, this is Ajatar, first of his clan and Father of all the future Sapphire Dragons." Erghak put particular emphasis on the last part. "He’ll be our honored guest from today onward.

"Grandfather himself recognizes Ajatar’s talent as the second Drake to join our ranks." He patted the still-stunned Sapphire Dragon’s back. "He’s no Guardian, but his intelligence is not inferior to Grandfather’s, so I hope you will all treat him well."

Ajatar was no naïve fool. He saw that everyone looked at him exactly like he had looked at the Valley of Life just a minute ago.

’Morok was right. This is a trap. A honey trap, to be precise.’Ajatar gave everyone a deep bow.’I should have seen this coming. I’m both the first of my species and the only one who can guarantee that all the Fire Dragons’ Hatchlings grow into Divine Beasts.

’If they manage to recruit me, even if a Lesser species hatches from their eggs, their condition would be temporary, and nobody would ever know. That’s why Erghak was so eager to take me in. That’s why he tested my abilities all the way here!’

"Ajatar, these are my blood brothers and sisters." Erghak said. "Make yourself at home. I hope you will get to know and love us like your own family."

***

Friya left for her honeymoon right after Ajatar and was blessed with peace and happiness. The Gernoffs, Orpal, and even the Awakened Council were too busy with their own problems to bother the Ernas.

"Am I a bad person for not sharing this with the rest of our family?" Friya asked while admiring the sunset reflecting on the ocean waters, while in Nalrond’s arms.

"No, that makes you sane." He replied. "I can’t believe we’ve been so long without a kid screaming in our ears. I had almost forgotten what silence is."

"Same here." She chuckled. "By the way, sorry for dragging you to the Blood Desert again. I know it brings back bad memories."

"Don’t worry. I didn’t lie in my vows." Nalrond kissed her forehead. "I’ve left my past behind. Also, it wouldn’t have been fun having to see you constantly shiver and hear you complaining about the weather."

"Stupid Hydra blood." Friya pouted. "And even stupider winter. Why is everywhere else so damn cold?"

They had tried exploring the Kingdom, but Friya got sleepy the moment she left the safety of the hotel’s fireplace. The Empire had been even worse. Between its violent snowstorms and frost gales, Friya couldn’t leave the warmth of their bed without falling straight into hibernation.