Supreme Magus

Chapter 4435: What’s not Written (Part 1)

Kamila’s cold glare delivered the message, making Barla flinch.

"I can assure you that I’ve done everything in my power to solve the situation. I’m not trying to deny my failure. I’m just pointing out that the reason the soldiers can’t find the bandits and I didn’t know how many people are seeking refuge in Lustria is the same.

"Winter disrupts all communications and erases all traces. By the time we know of a raid, either the weather turned bad, and we have to wait until it clears up to move out, or we get on the crime scene, and then the weather turns bad, forcing us to seek shelter before we can collect any evidence."

The Count had never left his mansion since fall, but he read the reports and always signed them as a participant to create a paper trail of his alleged efforts exactly for a moment like that.

"I’m not here to point fingers, Count Barla. I’m here to understand how dire the situation of the Distar Region is." Kamila replied. "I’m starting my investigation in Esha simply because you have a Warp Gate."

"I see." The Count inwardly sighed in relief. "Tell me what you need, and I’ll assist you to the best of my abilities."

"As you said, dear Count, winter disrupts all communications." Kamila leaned back on her chair. "I’m sure that’s the reason you and the rest of the counts didn’t inform Baroness Distar of your common problem.

"It’s also the reason I came here in person. I need the reports of the bandit raids, the investigations that followed, the citizens’ complaints, everything you have, no matter how insignificant. I’ll be the judge of what’s irrelevant and what is not."

"Yes, of course." Count Barla nodded. "Damn winter!"

He knew that any missing document or withheld information would be considered manifest incompetence at best and willful neglect at worst. Either way, Barla wouldn’t be the Count of Esha for long.

He took his communication amulet and shared everything he had with Kamila, even his private correspondence with the rulers of the neighboring counties.

’I didn’t have much success, but compared to other nobles, I’m King Valeron.’He thought.’If I throw them under the carriage, the constables will focus on them, and maybe they will close an eye on my... patient approach.’

"Well, this is quite a lot of reading material for such a ’small issue’." Kamila said as she scrolled the title list of the documents.

"I just complied with your request, Constable Verhen." The Count nodded. "Esha may be small, but we have dozens of cities and many more villages. I’ve sent you all the reports since the beginning of winter, just to be safe.

"You’re free to stay here as my guest until you’re done revising the documents. I’ll be happy to answer any questions you may have." Or rather, he would have been happy to have the Supreme Magus in his home.

His presence alone would have been a great honor of which the Count would have bragged until Esha was on everyone’s lips.

"Thank you for your kind offer, but my husband needs to remain close to a Warp Gate at all times for reasons of national security. We’ll return to Verka, and if I have any questions, I’ll contact you through your amulet."

***

Lith opened a Steps leading straight to the entrance, and the soldier was finally dismissed. Lith accompanied him back to his post before taking off the ground.

"Did you get what you came for?" Hormak asked to break the ice.

"Yes." Lith increased the DoLorean’s speed one notch at a time.

"Going back to Verka is easy. Just follow the road, and we’ll be there in no time."

"No need." Once the lever hit the fifth notch, the DoLorean accelerated enough to open a Warp Steps leading straight to the Home Stone that Lith had left outside the local branch of the Association.

"That... was fast." The poor Great Mage’s hopes of enjoying his ride and proving to Lith that he was more than an insignificant bureaucrat stuck in an insignificant position shattered like a dream at dawn.

"That’s the point of a DoLorean." Lith replied with pride. "It’s not as fast as a Warp Gate, but it’s the next best thing. It’s too bad the civilian version can’t exceed level three speed, but most mages can’t keep up with level four.

"Stopping a criminal who got their hands on a DoLorean would become troublesome, so I removed a few features like the Return Warp."

’I’m most mages, you damn bastard!’Knowing that soon any noble could fly as fast as he did with no effort, talent, or the need to attend one of the six great academies shattered Hormak’s pride.’I can’t even Warp as far as this thing does.’

"If you need an accommodation, the Mage Association is glad to offer you the suite for our VIP guests." The Great Mage regained his composure and focused on what really mattered. Rescuing his career from the bog it was stuck in.

"You’ll have the privacy and security worthy of the Royals, and I can also grant you access to our magical labs if you need anything."

Hormak needed to befriend Lith or at least appear to be close to him to get himself a way out of Verka. Spending a few days together was guaranteed to achieve at least the latter.

"Thank you for your offer, but I’m not done yet." Kamila replied. "We have to leave right now, but rest assured I’ll mention your assistance in my report."

The group informed the Association’s clerk to set the coordinates for their next destination, the city of Narta in the Zusha County. They disappeared in the dimensional tunnel a second later, bringing with them Hormak’s dreams of future glory.

’Did someone notice anything unusual in Count Barla’s home?’Lith asked via a mind link.

’Nothing.’Orion replied.’I used many Forgemastering spells on the way to his office, but I detected the standard arrays for a country noble’s household and no lingering energy signature on the Count.

’He has not used any artifact of recent aside from his communication amulet and dimensional ring.’

’I used both the Eyes and the Ears, but as Orion said, neither the house nor his owner had anything remarkable about them.’Solus shared her thoughts only with Lith and Kamila.

’The guy is a mediocre liar.’Jirni said.’He was scared about something, but that’s hardly a capital offense. On top of that, when you mentioned the bandit raids, he relaxed. Count Barla may have a few kinks, or maybe he skims tax money, but he’s not involved in our case.

’What about your Demons, Lith? Did they discover anything?’

’Aside from an expensive taste in carpets and paintings, no.’Lith had summoned his Sigil Demons and sent them to investigate the house as they walked behind the Count.’I’m pretty sure this was a dud.’

’Hold your horses, Lith.’Kamila replied.’Just because the Count isn’t an accessory to the crime, it doesn’t mean he’s useless. The data he shared with us can provide us plenty of leads he was too incompetent to notice.’