Supreme Magus

Chapter 4136: Menadion’s Heir (Part 1)

"Mom?" Elysia asked in confusion.

Baby-induced chaos and mayhem were the norm for her.

"Don’t worry, baby girl. Everything is fine." Kamila took Elysia in her arms. "Just remember that as a big sister and a powerful mage, it’s your duty to take care of your little brother."

Kamila covered her hands in Dragon Scales, allowing the baby girl to experience her mother’s and brother’s feelings.

"No pro, Mom!" Elysia said, puffing her little chest with pride. "Me goo! Loo! Ihaho!"

She drew what looked like an asterisk in the air and released a jet stream of Cinder that bolted out the open window and exploded in the sky like a firework.

"Please, don’t!" Kamila yelped when Elysia tried to reach for her hand again to teach Raldarak about the rune for the stable Cursed Element of fire.

"No?" Elysia stared at her mother with her eyes filled with sadness, afraid to have done something wrong.

"Ral is too little for that." Lith lifted Elysia and reassured her via his Dragon Scales. "You can show Daddy how it’s done, though."

"Daddy!" The baby girl giggled and smiled.

"Lith?" Kamila sighed as their friends and relatives came one after another to ask if everything was alright and what that blast was.

"Yes, Kami?"

"Do you remember when you said that the kids seem to one-up each other?" Kamila asked.

"Of course, I do." Lith replied. "It was less than five minutes ago."

"Congratulations." She said while looking him in the eyes. "I think you jinxed it for us."

***

"Congratulations, young lady." Baba Yaga gave Elysia a curtsy, receiving a pat on the head in reply. "You have taught us all a new Mirror Magic rune and given me a reason to stick around."

"Me goo!" Elysia giggled.

’Gods, I wish time travel were a thing.’Silverwing inwardly sighed.’I’d pay my weight in Davross to go back and kick my own ass into oblivion. I would teach myself a lesson in patience before I ruined my relationship with Lith forever.

’Now I’ll never get the opportunity to study his Indech form, and without it, there’s no telling how long it will take me to access my apex form. Learning what it can do will take me even longer since my mana organs are bound to be atrophied by centuries of inactivity, and I’ll have no mentor.

’Being cut off from the research on stable Mirror Magic just adds insult to my extensive, deep injury.’

"You are not good, Ely. You are the best." Raaz gave the baby girl a bow, letting her pat and play with his thick hair. "Are you sure Elysia’s magic is not dangerous, son? I mean for us, not for her."

"Don’t worry, Dad. We already explained to Elysia the dangers of Mirror Magic in the Desert, and she remembers it." Lith replied. "We just had to tell her that Iratho is Mirror Magic just like Jerak."

"So-y!" Elysia nodded, making her hood fall forward and cover her head.

She and Valeron had been changed into small Supreme Magus robes for the event. Kamila wore a loose Supreme Magus dress with a small hood on her baby bump to include Raldarak in the celebration.

"Will you keep training, Kami?" Solus asked while paying her respects to the baby girl.

"Yeah, what’s done is done." Kamila shrugged. "Besides, we know for certain that it’s safe for Ral, and I need the practice. I’m following Quylla’s example and focusing on the basics.

"I’m also taking note of all my observations after dumbing them down enough for me to understand them after I lose Ral’s affinity for the elements."

"Speaking of training, I need help." Nalrond wanted to beat the Horseman and her husband to an inch from death, but he managed to keep his tone neutral. "I still can’t win against a Divine Beast at my level of skill."

"That’s all?" Dawn tilted her head, feigning confusion.

"I need help, Master Dawn." Nalrond growled.

"That’s better." She replied with a smile. "I’ll see what I can do."

***

Later, that afternoon, Lith and Solus moved to the tower to work on the data collected on General Vorgh’s Yggdrasill staff.

"I think that’s it." Lith sighed while looking at the many gaps in the spell matrix of the artifact. "Past this point, further analysis isn’t going to yield more than isolated runes."

"I agree." Solus nodded. "Even with the Eyes, the Ears, and Ajatar, the only way we had to get a complete scan of Vorgh’s staff in so little time was to knock him out and put his staff in the Thievery."

"It’s still a good result." Lith said. "After all, we never meant to make a duplicate of Vorgh’s staff. He’s a Master Warden, and the enchantments that best suit him would be no good for you.

"Moreover, you are a skilled Light Master, whereas Vorgh doesn’t know the first thing about it."

"We are skilled Light Masters." Solus pointed out.

"Thanks, but the Sage Staff is your weapon, just like the Fury." Lith replied. "The only thing that matters is what you are good at, not me."

During the Indech reveal, Lith and Solus had the full might of the tower, and Ajatar’s Dragon Eyes focus on the enchantments that linked the mana crystals floating above the staff to its power core.

Everything else was of secondary importance. Vorgh’s staff had been crafted by Royal Forgemasters to emulate true magic and allow a non-Awakened to use impossible arrays.

Solus was an Awakened, and needed no help for that. Most of the enchantments of Vorgh’s staff were bound to be redundant for Solus and waste runes that she could employ to make up for her weaker core.

"Mom made a few untimely yet valid points in the past." Solus said. "We should consider adding Spirit Crystals and decide whether we want to use Balor eyes for the second set or just mana crystals."

"I’m on board with the Spirit Crystals. That’s an excellent idea." Lith nodded. "The Balor eyes, instead, present a few issues. Zelex is full of Balors, but unless we go grave robbing, getting our hands on the silver, orange, and yellow eyes we miss might be difficult."

"I know." Solus replied. "Luckily for us, that won’t be necessary. We got a full set of Balor elemental eyes after we defeated Stargazer, remember?"

"We got what when?" Lith tilted his head in utter confusion.

"One of the three cursed objects that attacked me, Nyka, and Tista in the Empire." Solus replied, yet Lith gave no sign of remembering those events. "We fused to defeat them. They were a sword, a staff, and a shield."

"Now I remember." Lith nodded. "We tried our anti-cursed object tactics on them, and one of them worked quite well."

"That’s the part that stuck with you?" She asked in disbelief. "Never mind. The staff was called Stargazer. Malyshka kept the Yggdrasill wood and gave the Balor eyes to us."

"Which means we have three to spare." Lith nodded. "Yet even though we have more than enough Balor eyes, there is still the problem of how to arrange them. Enchanted or not, eyes are frailer than crystals and without a proper spell, they would soon start to rot."