Supreme Magus

Chapter 4074: Just as Impressive (Part 1)

’My understanding of Void Magic is basic at best, but thanks to the Dragon Eyes, I could appreciate how spectacularly Lith failed.’Ajatar said.

’Wait, what?’Morok tried and failed to check the Infirmary data due to his low clearance level.’Why does he have a headache from Dragon Eyes? That’s not normal.

’It never happened to any Dragon in the past and not even to Master Ajatar during his previous experiments.’

’Calm down, child.’The care of his disciple moved the erstwhile Drake.’You know no Dragon, so you have no idea what you are talking about. Also, remember that my condition is anything but normal.

’As a quasi-Dragon, I had a strong and fit body, whereas I’m exhausted now. Moreover, I studied my transformation process and life force thoroughly as a Drake, so of course Dragon Eyes worked like a charm.

’I know little about Void Magic, instead, and in my current condition it’s likely that my poor Dragon Eyes are in no shape to solve any mystery. I’m tired, child. More than you can imagine, but I’m fine.’

’Then let’s keep things that way.’Morok said.’Put a blindfold or something. We can still show you everything via a mind link, and there’s no such thing as Dragon’s Mind Eye, correct?’

’Sound advice. Solus?’Ajatar asked, and she delivered him the Dragon equivalent of a sleep mask.

’You never cease to surprise me, Morok.’Friya said.’I still have no idea whether you’re a genius or an idiot.’

’I’m both dumber and smarter than you think.’The Tyrant replied with a smug grin.’Never estimate me. It won’t end well for you.’

Ajatar laughed out loud from the tank, emitting a series of joyful gurgling sounds.

’Well said, my disciple. Now, if you don’t mind, I’d like to be left alone. I’m in dire need of sleep.’

’Do you want me to leave the main display on, or do you want me to turn it off as well?’ Solus asked as the lights in the Infirmary died down.

Ajatar replied with a soft snoring as he shifted to a belly-up position.

"I guess he doesn’t care." Solus said after Warping everyone back to the Mansion. "I’ll keep the Infirmary at full power until Ajatar stabilizes."

"I agree." Lith nodded. "The Trawn Woods won’t die for this. They will just develop a little slower."

"Thanks, man." Morok gave Lith a sudden, awkward hug. "The old lizard means a lot to me. Please, take good care of him."

"You are welcome and no problem." Lith patted the Tyrant’s shoulder twice before gently but firmly pushing him away. "At what point are the preparations for your marriage, Friya?"

"Mom has everything ready at our home for months now. It’s just a matter of bringing the decorations and a bit of furniture here." She replied. "The invites have been sent weeks ago.

"We just need to set a date and give people enough time to prepare and clear their schedule. We can do it next week."

"That should be plenty of time for Ajatar to get accustomed to his new body." Solus nodded. "With his help, Fyrwal and us should have no problem moving forward."

"That’s not what worries me." Quylla said. "You’ve got dangerously close to wearing a loose dress, sis."

She examined Friya’s womb with her breathing technique, checking on the development of the twins almost as obsessively as she did with her own.

"Gods, Friya. I still can’t believe you’re getting married and are going to be a mom in just a few months!" Quylla’s joy and excitement crashed against her sister’s panicked expression.

"Me neither." Friya replied, finding herself covered in a cold sweat.

***

Jirni and Orion had no idea why the marriage had to wait, but while living at the Verhen Mansion, they had learned not to ask too many questions. At least while their survival depended on the hospitality of the same person to whom those secrets belonged.

They didn’t understand why Friya suddenly gave them the all clear, but that didn’t matter either.

With everything that was going on after Orpal’s attack, the nobles of the Kingdom wouldn’t have attended the party after the ceremony long enough for Lith’s plan to work if the marriage had taken place on an earlier date.

Every bit of free time was precious, but after over a month, even the busiest nobles could afford to waste an evening on political pleasantries.

The Ernas couple replaced the furniture of the Mansion and decorated it so fast that the next morning, Lith failed to recognize his house for a few moments and thought he had slept in the wrong place.

The Ernas coat of arms was on every vase and statue, and the carpets now bore the deep blue with white trims of his guests’ banner.

"I’m so happy that Friya is finally getting married." Kamila took the babies from the crib, finding an unexpected guest.

Shargein had spent the night there after shrinking to Valeron’s size. Elysia had grabbed his tail in her sleep and was sucking it like a pacifier. Valeron, instead, was biting Shargein’s head, dreaming of a hearty yet chewy meal.

"Bad Val! Bad Ely! Let go of the poor Shargein." Kamila said while dabbing the babies’ slobber off the Wyrmling. "As I was saying, Friya deserves a bit of peace and happiness."

"I’m happy too. If she delayed it any longer, her marriage would have ended up overlapping with my birthday." A pungent smell reached Lith’s nose, marking the need for a fresh diaper. "Even worse, Quylla could have given birth in the middle of the ceremony."

"Don’t jinx it!" Kamila changed Elysia and Lith Valeron. Shargein just flew inside the bathroom and closed the door. "I know that you-know-what is approaching, but it should happen..."

She counted the months on her fingers.

"Any day now." Kamila froze as Elysia released a squeaky but deadly fart. "Gods! How can someone so small smell so bad?"

Elysia giggled in reply with a louder encore.

"My point exactly." Lith nodded. "You’re a good kid, Val. What do you say about using the potty like Shargein?"

Valeron was way smarter than a normal child and had long understood why the Wyrmling needed no diaper.

"Don’t know." He replied. "Sometimes I can’t control it."

"I’m not saying to remove the diaper, just to start using the potty whenever you feel the bum-bum or wee-wee coming." Lith said.

"I can try." Valeron nodded.

"Back to Quylla, let’s hope she can wait one more week." Kamila changed the topic, still a little rattled from hearing a two years old speak and reason so well. "It would be terrible if she stole Friya’s thunder."

"Now you jinxed it." Lith replied while putting Valeron on the floor and letting him run around a bit.

"Chee! Chee!" Elysia pointed at her brother and the bathroom door. "Chees!"

"They are not cheaters, young lady!" Kamila said. "Not everything is a competition. You’ll walk and use the potty when you get to their age."

"No fai!" She grumbled. "Chees."

"Great. Now everyone will think we raised her to hate plant folk because many of them sided with Meln and question her diet." Lith said.