Supreme Magus

Chapter 4258: The Price of Power (Part 2)

"Yet I’d read the entire Royal Library in one sitting if it meant that no arrogant Awakened can destroy in one minute the family it took me years to build.

"The tattoo potions are a great idea for a soldier or someone who can afford to turn around and run. For me, however, they are not enough. I don’t want to feel so helpless ever again."

"Well put, Dad." Rena said. "Sign me up too, Lil Bro. What about you, dear?"

"Of course, I’m in." Senton nodded.

"Two things." Lith raised his hand for silence before someone could ask to join the growing group of wannabe-Awakened. "One, Awakening is no miracle. Even if you start today, it will take years of rigorous discipline before you see any results.

"Second, the stronger you get, the more training you’ll need to have a safe breakthrough. This means that even with Invigoration, you won’t have much time to do the things you love.

"Dad, you would go from being a farmer to a landowner who oversees the work of his farmhands. Rena, Senton, your days at the Proudhammer Works would be over. Magic is a full-time job that you either love or hate.

"I don’t want you to waste years suffering just to prepare for something that might never happen. I’m very good at what I do, and I managed to keep you safe for over a decade before my reputation lured the first idiot to Lutia.

"I’d rather you let me adjust my contingency plans and go on with your lives than give up on everything you love and have painstakingly worked to build."

Everyone wanted to reply that they didn’t care about that. That no sacrifice was too big if it meant ensuring the safety of their family. Yet they all knew how hard Lith had worked to become the man he was today and how demanding magic was.

None of the Verhens was hit as hard as Senton by the perspective of giving up on their dream job. His father had spent countless hours in the smithy with Senton ever since he was a young boy, teaching him everything Zekell knew.

Becoming an Awakened would not only mean that Senton had to give up on the family business for the foreseeable future, but also that his father had to look for a replacement and train him from scratch.

’Dad spent his youth providing for our family, and he still works much more than he should after retiring.’Senton thought.’His weird temple helps a lot of people and keeps our family’s reputation high, while building shops in other cities has raised us to the status of merchants.

’Dad did all this to ensure that magic wouldn’t be the only thing our family has to offer. That my children and I would still have a way to support my family and a stable future for those who have no talent or passion for magic.

’Awakening now would be akin to spitting in his face and throwing all of Dad’s sacrifices in the gutter. We shed tears, sweat, and blood to build the Proudhammer Works, yet here I am, ready to turn my back on my life’s work.’

Senton turned to Zekell, who stared back at his son. There was no judgment or pain in his eyes, only understanding.

"Dad..."

"Do what you must, son." Zekell dismissed whatever came next with a wave of his hand. "If it were my wife and children to be in danger, I don’t know what I’d do either."

"We know what we want, Uncle Lith. We want to Awaken!" Teryon and Falco charged forward as expected and as predictably as thunder after lightning.

Lenart’s silence, however, was not. It left a void in the choir of childish voices that shocked Falco and Teryon the most. They looked at their brother, expecting him to join and strengthen their voices like always.

Lenart kept his eyes down and his mouth shut, opening it only to take a nibble of his food from time to time. He didn’t care about Awakening anymore, giving his full attention to Fluffy the Byk as he gobbled his food and begged Garrik for seconds.

Falco and Teryon looked at their parents, desperate to get help for their brother, but Rena and Senton could only give them a helpless shrug. Then, they turned to Lith.

"We’ll see, kids." He said, while staring at Lenart and noticing his lack of enthusiasm for the news.

Even his sibling showed no reaction, as if instead of giving them a potential yes, Lith had made a passing comment about the weather.

The rest of the meal passed in silence, with the occasional baby noise of the toddlers and Quylla’s twins trying to bolt out of the room.

After dinner, Lith received many calls from the Awakened Council and the Royal Court. Everyone offered him belated help and expressed their sadness for the Verhens’ recent ordeal.

"Thank you for your offer, but Faluel and the Corps have already dealt with the problem. I don’t see anything you can do. Verhen out." He dismissed them as soon as it was remotely polite, refusing to engage in pointless pleasantries.

He discussed the events of the previous day at length only with the Royals. It was thanks to them that three squads of the Queen’s Corps were assigned to Lutia, and he wanted to express his gratitude for their contribution.

Moreover, the members of the Queen’s Corps were bound to have witnessed most of the fights and have written everything in their reports. Lith was surprised the Royals hadn’t called him earlier and needed their help to spot wild rumors from spreading.

"So, it’s true." Meron clung to the armrests of his throne, trying to sound casual. "Aran and Leria did Awaken and are on the path of becoming full-fledged Light Masters."

"Indeed." Lith nodded, glossing over the part about the kids’ self-Awakening and Dawn’s contribution to their studies.

"Have they... shown any sign of bloodline awakening as well?" The King cleared his throat in a pointless attempt to relax its tightened muscles.

"No, but they are just eight years old." Lith replied. "Their bodies can’t hold that kind of power. Not until they reach the blue core."

"Interesting." Sylpha’s anxiety partly turned into curiosity, but most of it remained unchanged. "What about their pets? I’ve heard..."

"They are Emperor Beasts, yes. That part is true as well. Also, they are no pets." Lith completed the phrase for her.

"I meant no disrespect, Magus Verhen." The Queen raised her hand with the palm out to placate him. "We’ve also heard about your nephew’s feat. Is Falco Verhen a powerful mage as well?"

"No, that’s my Scalewalker armor." Lith shared the details about the armor’s floating enchantment via the amulet, along with a description of the propulsion system that allowed its wearer to fly.

Everything else, he kept for himself.

"This is an amazing piece of Forgemastery, but it would be too dangerous in the wrong hands." Sylpha said. "I’m afraid we’ll have to declare it tier one Forbidden Magic like the DoLorean."

"I was hoping we could keep the existence of my Scalewalker under wraps and claim Falco can use magic." Lith replied.